Hey! I see you are also a blanket fort constructor... One of my favourite pastimes!
I once constructed a blanket fort around the TV. Comfiest movie night ever
Hahah, we built one at a friends house and it has remained there ever since
For how long...?
Before Xmas, so 2 months+...
Wow, that's incredible. They don't need those blankets for anything else, eh?
I guess not, hahah
So aside from building forts what else do you like doing?
Making and eating food, watching and overanalyzing movies, planning trips I never take hahaha
How about yourself?
Love getting myself in food comas, people watching, kickboxing, watching movies...
Hahah I'm always thinking of places to go traveling to but never do also
It's just sorta fun to imagine throwing everything away and flying to, idk, Indonesia. But real life gets in the way.
Food comas are fun until you have to move :(
Yeah that's true, I also like naps so they both fall hand in hand
Naps are the best part of any day when you have one.
Ideal life: blanket fort, food coma, nap.
Paradise...
Who wants Indonesia when you can have that
I feel like you could probably have all of those things in Indonesia. And then you could run out onto the beach after your nap.
Woah! That sounds too good!
I'm clearly a blanket fort savant.
Hahah obviously you are
I'd ask you about your travels but I'm way too tired right now. Good night!!
Another time for sure! Also off to bed.
Good night!!
Posh is my favorite spice.
Lovely, Meter maid
Ginger spice was my jam
Ginger was fun. Posh was just funny because she was mean and vapid all the time
You relate to the mean and vapid one, hey? Painting a picture.
I said she was my favorite-- not that I relate to her. I couldn't be like posh since she doesn't let herself smile
I see. Well that's good - you have a sexy smile - would be a shame to hide it.
Haha, thanks for feeding my ego. Your smile's not too bad yourself
Everyone needs their tires pumped, every now and again.
You just have to make sure they don't get overinflated.
Just gotta be able to release the pressure sometimes
How do you release the pressure? A well timed insult?
Self loathing
Aw man, that just got too real
The struggle is real
Your mom's real
Hey! How's your night?
Quiet and sleepy. How's yours?
Until recently it was loud and angry
Tempers flaring in intramural soccer
Now its pretty much the same as yours!
Haha, what went down? Did you win?!
We did win! The other team were not playing like gentleman
Nah jokes we play like 14 year olds
They were from the forestry faculty and were all distressingly large
My brother's in forestry, and he is not distressingly large thankfully
2 guys on their team had man-buns
I don't know if that's a forestry thing or what
Would it be too personal if I asked if your brother has a man bun
I think I would cut his hair in the middle of the night if it ever got close to that
But I mean... There's nothing wrong with manbuns. He would just look horrid with one.
That's so sweet of you
I wish my sister was that protective of my interests
She'd probably put my hair in a man bun in the middle of the night
I mean, fair play to her if she could pull that off without waking me up
Haha, no, it's purely selfish-- he's my roommate, so I wouldn't stand to look at his hair like that every day
Omg I live with my sister too
Fair enough though. I tried to grow a "beard" over Xmas and it seemed to make her fairly agitated
"Movember" was a hard time to get through with all those "moustaches" and "beards" running around.
I tell myself that I'll hit puberty one day
Want to know a terrible secret about me
I put just for men hair dye into it to make it look thicker
Hahahaha did it work??
No comment
So.... No.
I dunno it just looked pretty scruffy
I've never looked more like a Newfoundlander
I looked a bit like one of those white guys who tries to joins ISIS actually
Hahahahha
Idk, did you fish during the interval? That'd be how you'd look more like a newfoundlander
Granted on this coast I think we know fewer of the stereotypes
Yes I'm safe here
I blend in
No one ever suspects
All of you white people look the same, anyways.
Its true its true
We're sneaky that way
The only thing I really can't hide are like "ar" sounds
If I say car bar far etc its a dead giveaway
You could never be a secret agent if you blow your cover so easily
If I was a secret agent they'd probably put me in dialect school or something
I definitely have the eybrows of a secret agent
They are very suggestive
Is that a secret agent thing? I can only imagine rowan atkinson's secret agent comedy character and no one else brow wise
I'm very tired tho, so I'm gonna head to bed. Good night!
Good plan. Hopefully nobody cuts off your man bun!!
Just how elaborate was the best blanket for you ever built?
I built a fort that hooked off the chandelier for extra vantage, and another fort for movie nights built around the TV (with cupholders)
That I would like to see!
That's pretty elaborate! I once built one involving 4 couches and 2 queen mattresses but we didn't have cup holders
Oh wow, that's impressive. Where did you get that many couches?!
Haha dragged them from another living room so comfy if only netflix was around then, would've been a pretty good way to spend a night
I don't think I'd ever leave the fort if it had four couches and Netflix. We'd have to secede and start a new country.
We could name it Fortopia and have a chef on full time standby!
That's a life goal right there. What better utopia than fortopia?
And then you could give me massages and it would be perfect
Haha, I'll give you one if you give me one. Fortopia is a communist state that way.
Hmm... I can play by those rules! And of course we would need refreshments
Of course, that's what we included those cup holders for.
You truly are a skilled fort builder maybe you could build a fort for me sometime but until then goodnight
Oh man, it's late. Good night!
I hope you only like the original 151
I love all the Pokemon; what can I say? It's my destiny.
Hey, what's up?
I'm sick. :( how are you??
That sucks, are you feeling better?
Yes, much better today, thank you for asking. :) how was your weekend?
I had to work yesterday so it was OK but not much happened, how about you?
Not much I can do when I'm sick, hee. It's such a Tinder cliche, but this weekend all I did was read Fitzgerald and watch Netflix. I rarely even watch it, but Tina Fey has a new show and it's exclusive to it.
What's the show about?
It's about a girl who was part of a doomsday cult trapped in a bunker rejoining society in new York. It's pretty funny
So, how's your weekend going?
Blake
Allistair
Excellent choices you get an A+
Joshua
What's up?
A guy threw "charles" at me; apparently forgetting Charles Barkley
I'm just headed to dinner
Yourself?
Nice
I'm just about to meet some friends
Since you're 11, is this a play date? I hope you got your homework done
Yea it's all done I swear!!!
You wanna get a drink and discuss white names?
Meet me for a drink in yaletown
Yaletown... Maybe. I need to finish this tea first.
Where in yaletown?
Anywhere
I'm right in yaletown. You?
Cambie station. But somebody offered to buy me sushi, a better and closer offer sorry :'(
That's gutty
I'm sorry! He also asked first. We could do a drink another time?
Yea sure. I live in yaletown so let me know when you want to come down
:)
You look like Colin Farrell, is your wang massive like his too?
Ha it sure is
I figured; is that just an Irish thing?
Chad and Keith are pretty white names
Ooh, excellent choices. I'm not sure if either of those are whiter than Cody though. Chad sounds like the type of guy who has frosted tips, whereas Keith probably needs to wash his hair more often.
Carson, ryan, brad, emily, elizabeth haha
The whitest names i can think of:P
Decent choices! You get a B+; I've known way too many Asian Emilys and Elizabeths though. Those dude names are good though; Brad, Carson, and Ryan probably spend all their time playing beach volleyball and trying to trick each other into drinking smirnoff ice.
I've never met a brad that didn't(not so) secretly want to be tricked into drinking a nice lukewarm smirnoff ice. 
Having said that, last summer i partook in both of those activities haha don't judge me:-P
How's about ashley, or brittney?
Oh, no judgement-- my friends and I once hung them from the ceiling in an elaborate icing scheme. It's when getting iced becomes a lifestyle that it's a problem. :P Ashley and Britney are good choices-- I just immediately think of these gals for the former
I didn't choose the icing life, the icing life chose me.
Ahahaha oh the ashley's and their crazy tire pile lair. That's one of my favorite shows, i'm pretty sure i thought i was TJ when i was younger. I now realize that i'll never be that cool.
I went as Spinelli for Halloween! I'll never be that cool either.
Well that's pretty spectacular. I've got to be honest i have had some lame halloween costumes although i did once pull off a pretty awesome marty mcfly...
So you're a web developer?
I hope you had a sweet Doc Brown to match. Great Scott!!
Yeah, I make web sites freelance. What do you do?
I did actually haha. It was pretty sweet. Me and my gf at the time went as mcfly and doc brown then some friends of ours went as the doctor and amy pond and we spent the night making fun of each others time machines .
Mainly i bartend for money at the moment, but i'm creating an app with a programmer friend of mind that might make me a little money.
I have to say that your friends had the better time machine-- it travels through space as well! I don't need to mess up my parents' relationships or hassle my kids. What sorta app is it? I promise not to Zuckerburg you.
Oh i completely agree. The TARDIS has an effing swimming pool, no delorean can compete with that. It was just fun to argue about it. 
It's a bar loyalty program. Essentially it allows people to collect points for their drinks at bars to be redeemed later for other drinks or food or whatever. And the bars pay us monthly for the service.
Oh dear, all of my friends are alcoholics already; a bar loyalty program like that may send them over the edge. You're a dangerous man, Sam.
Ah yes, well let's hope it doesn't come to that. And yes. Quite dangerous, like a boozy cobra.
Up late? Or is this normal?
Hey, I eventually went to bed! I stay up late quite often, but I've been trying not to stare at my phone into the wee hours. Are boozy cobras even more susceptible to snake charmers than the regular kind?
Yeah i'm definitely a night owl. I was up until around 4, which is pretty standard. The phone is the bane of my sleeping life.
Boozy cobras are the sluttiest snakes of the naja genus. They'll hop into anyone's basket, so long as they have a nice pipe;)
Well I don't have a pipe at all, but I think you'd be glad for the fact
That's true, just so long as you've got a nice basket:P
I can't say whether I have a nice basket, but I've got plenty of charm
Well this snake's charmed;)

As for bars, i trust you've been to the diamond?
Oh, it's been a while, but that's a good suggestion. I hardly have any reason to be in Gastown, though.
Oh? Where do you normally head if you're looking for a nice drink?
A nice drink? Well, I don't know about nice, but my friends are obsessed with the Shameful Tiki Room on main, and we're also at the Marquis a bunch.
At the waldorf? Haha i work with the guy that started that bar. It's not shameful but it's well past it's prime hahaha
Oh, is that still open? I genuinely hadn't realized; everyone protested the closing but I don't think I know anybody who has beem there in years. No, the shameful tiki room is on Main and... King Ed-ish, around where redcat is. Shameful is part of its name; I would only describe drinking at home as kinda shameful, haha
Oh actually i think you're right; The waldorf closed a while ago. I just had some very shameful nights there i suppose haha. Well i'll have to check it out some time. 

So how was your weekend?
Well, I don't remember any of my nights at the Waldorf, so that's a sign of my shame levels there. I had too much wine this weekend. I should give it up for Lent if I was Catholic, but I'm certainly not. How was your weekend?
Yeah the waldorf's like that. What little you remember is notmally enough to make you want to forget

Too much wine is tough. I find it legitimately difficult to overdrink when it's just wine.

My weekend has been chill as all hell. I'm visiting my parents in surrey and it has been very relaxing haha.
I can overdrink on any type of alcohol; I blame my asian genetics. :( But I guess I don't mind the trade-off if I get ageless skin. Honestly, it's more a drain on my poor wallet than anything else.
Oh, so you're from Surrey huh? I'm pretty sure everything I've ever heard about Surrey is all lies, but I don't really know a thing.
Haha that sounds like a reasonable trade off. Yeah i understand the wallet drain. It's a bane for sure.
Actually surrey is terrible i got out of there as early as possible. But my parents are still there so i go back somewhat regularly.
Hahaha, I'll still try to keep an open mind about Surrey even if everyone tells me that it's awful. Funnily enough, my only experiences with Surrey is when my parents owned a house there-- and then the tenants turned it into a grow-op. Despite this, I still try to think the best of places. I'm sure nice people live in Surrey. Like your parents?
Oh there are nice people here, there are nice people everywhere but the nice guy:douchebag ratio is off
And yes haha my parents are nice. Still, i prefer vancouver. It's just better in... Well every way.
Good to hear that your parents are nice, haha. :) whenever someone acts douchey downtown my friends and I say that they're not actually from Vancouver proper, and we pretend that we have a stellar nice guy:douchebag ratio... But maybe by claiming this, we're the douchebags :(
Haha yeah that's actually what i assume when i'm downtown too. Trust me i have no qualms with my hometown's reputation:P

And no i don't think that's the case, the people that come dt from surrey are generally a bit ill mannered. They're used to having all the space that they need to be douchebags without it really effecting a lot of people.
affect*
Hahaha, well... Sometimes having a few douchebags around comes in handy. Like that guy who punched Shia Lebeouf outside of Cinema. Probably a total asshole, but a total asshole who gave Shia what was coming to him.
Bahaha well yeah i suppose so although i tend to try and avoid it where i can. But why'd shia have it coming haha, sorry i'm tragically unhip.
I don't know if it's hip to know things about celebrities... But shia lebeouf is fairly well known to be a drunken jerk (he even punched brad Pitt in the face.) He plagiarized a comic, and then when people found out, he plagiarized his apology from yahoo answers, I swear to god
Bahaha seriously? Well that's definitely something. I didn't know about any of that. For the record i'm not even sure if it's hip to use the word hip. But here we are anyways haha.
I think the cool kids are saying "fetch" nowadays. It's fetch to use the word fetch.
Stop trying to make fetch happen, it's not going to happen. Haha
And i think you mean the hip kids
I think I mean the fetch kids. It's going to happen, I swear.
Ahaha well best of luck with that, let me know if i can help.
So i'm going to delete tinder, but you're rad, so why don't you shoot me a text some time.

Hey how's it going
Haha, got stood up so I'm bored. How are you doing? 111 km away?
Good visiting the island for the weekend
Sorry you got stood up
Oh I went to Uvic haha. Where on the island?
Sooke
I've never been to sooke
Yea it's pretty here
I guess I should visit
If you were a vegetable you would be cutecumber.
Id probably be squash because they're delicious
If you were some noodles, you'd be copypasta
Yeeesh. Way to kill it.
You probably write PHP.
If you were a programming language, you would be PHP, because you're mostly copying and pasting things from the internet.
If I were a programming language, I'd be python because I'm being really pretentious and picky.
I'd say you're more like Ruby. Young and trendy.
I can be rather functional sometimes.
A pun? Really..
What? I'm just trying to make smalltalk!
I dunno if I can do this... I'm gonna need some closure
we can always mixin some non-programming talk; I won't take exception to that
The puns though.
What did you get up to today?
Nothing much really-- I was supposed to go see birdman tonight but that was postponed until tomorrow. Yourself?
I haven't seen it yet. Its now critically acclaimed.
I worked yesterday. Im taking today off since I spent most the weekend in the office.
What do you do besides development.
You mean for fun? I go to shows, watch movies, and obsess over food. I saw John Mulaney last week; that was pretty neat.
Really I was there too. Have we met at some sort UX talk or Hack Night? Your face is familiar.
I think I have a familiar face-- i've never been to a UX talk or Hack Night. Would you recommend going?
You kinda do. Its good to meet other devs and designers in the city.
What did you think of birdman?
I liked it, but it didn't blow me away by any means. I thought it had strong performances from actors hilariously chosen from superhero flicks, and the percussive drum score really added to the anxiety to the piece. The single tracking shot felt gimmicky and signified very little. It's the type of movie to seem really smart but isn't actually saying much of anything-- which is fine, but makes it just an enjoyable entertainment rather than the transcendental experience some would have you believe it was.
Thats quite the review.
I had more. I care too much about movies, clearly.
Clearly. Well, what movie did blow you away?
Btw. The whitest name: Easton
How dare you
Dare I what
I dare to do a lot of things
Is that so?
Coffee and pie this week? I'm at launch academy
Sorry, I've been very sick lately so I can barely manage to even reply let alone go out for coffee :(
Hey what's up?
Sitting in this cafe, wishing this drink was alcoholic. How are you?
Hahaha watching house of cards. Why cafe?
What*
Everyoneis watching house of cards but me. I'm going to get spoiled. Its just one of the brekas
You should definitely get on that.
I don't have a Netflix account :'(
What!?
I thought it was the law that everyone had to have one...
Or at least steal their friends' accounts. But I feel too guilty to do that
Haha it's only 8$
You shouldn't guilty!
8*12= too much money for something I will only use like two days for binge watching arrested development and house of cards
Haha well when you look at it that way....
And technically I could torrent those things. If I didn't have this crippling guilt.
Hahaha well now you are making me re think this whole Netflix thing
Maybe you should just steal a friend's.
I donno about that. I might have too much guilt
Hahaha
A guilt ridden life is a hard one. I'm not even religious; imagine if I was catholic on top of all this natural guilt
Hahaha
What are you up to?
Today
I should get some work done, and otherwise don't really have plans. Maybe laundry? I lead such an exciting life, haha. How about you?
Haha what do you do for work? I just got home from work, I really should go outside and enjoy this weather
I'm a freelance web developer, so I work from home. Consequentially, I probably don't get enough sun, so I should go outside too, haha
Haha that's really cool. I sat down on the couch so it's game over for me
The sun will probably be here all summer, but that Netflix subscription might not last that long. It was a sensible choice you made
Hahaha you make everything seem so simple!
I just have a talent for justifying sitting on couches, what can I say?
Haha not a bad talent to have.
What are you up to?
Having a late pasta dinner. These mushrooms aren't going to eat themselves. What are you up to? Still watching House of Cards?
Haha no they won't!
Ya of course I'm watching!
Almost done though haha
What are you going to do when you're done?!
Haha I have no idea, I'll be so bored
Looks like you should keep that netflix subscription after all. surely there's something else on there you feel like!
Haha well there is a lot of cool stuff on there...
Or maybe you should finally go outside and enjoy the weather once you're done with House of Cards :P
Yaa, one of these days I will get outside..
I work outside so it's not too bad
All done...
Do you feel satisfied? Or did it leave you wanting more episodes?
Not at all! Very disappointed in the way it ended. I need
More haha. What are you up to today?
Running so many errands. The apple store took my macbook away today to fix it, so now I can't even Netflix even if I wanted to :'( what are you up to?
Ahhh how are you living!?
I just finished work
Got any plans for the weekend? Wanna grab a drink somewhere?
Maybe some other time; I came down with the worst cold today and can barely function :(
Ahh ok. I hope you feel better
Thank you :))
Feeling better today?
Only because of the painkillers. I hope I get better by the weekend, but the forecast says it will rain so I won't be too disappointed if I don't. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I might go to the Canucks game Saturday, but other than that. No plans
Nice, I've never actually been to a game :'/
Me either! I just moved here from Toronto in the summer though. And they're playing the leafs so I had to go.. Haha
Haha, I grew up here so I have no excuse. Are you a leafs fan?
Die hard leafs fan
I'm not terribly invested in the canucks, but even I can only manage pity for a leafs fan
Haha I thank you for your pity
How are you feelin?
A bit better, thanks for asking. :) probably still infectious. Excited for the game?
Well the game didn't go as I would have hoped... Haha
*mustering up pity for a leafs fan*
Hahaha
Feeling better yet!?
Yes :)))
I gotta tell ya. I've had a huuuge crush on you since like 30 seconds ago
I gotta tell ya Jon. I've been in love with your dog since I laid eyes on 'em.
Just the dog? D'aww, well I can't say I blame you. He's pretty fabulous
What can I say? I had to paws when I saw him.
That's ruff. What about me?
I'd give you a few head skritches at least, and maybe rub your belly if you ask nicely.
I'm not into the furry role-playing, but I guess I could do it for you if you want
Oh god, you just made that too real. I'm ceasing all this dog-themed talk immediately. WHAT HUMAN THINGS DO YOU LIKE TO DO, FELLOW HUMAN?
Dunno, are you fishing for ideas for our first date?
Because usually I save the wizard role play for second or third date
So wait, you're not going to put on your robe and wizard hat?
Depends if you play your cards right
I gotta meditate to regain my mana first though
God I'm so hard right now
I cast level 3 eroticism
It failed.
shit... Do I have enough ranks in bluff to get me through this?
Nope but you've got plenty in cuteness and charm
Let's take this romance to the next level baby. It's so much more fun in person
Let's grab some drinks or cheesecake or something and flirt in the real world ;) how's Saturday?
Made plans weeks ago with my friends for Saturday. :'( I might be free tonight, but otherwise I'm all booked up this weekend.
Busy tonighttttt
I guess we have to wait till Tuesday or something ::)
Tuesday can probably work
:D
What upppp
haha, not much. what up with you
Nothing : D just went to a basketball game tonight
you mean you played basketball or watched it??
Watched it haha
Did you have fun?
Yep yep
What did you get up to?
Had a glass of wine and a bath, haha. Didn't do very much!
Yo girlfriend lets take this relationship to the next level. What's your number?
ask me when I don't regret every decision I have every made, and also, despairing the luminosity of the sun
So never? :(
Hahaha I meant when I'm not hungover like hell but you're probably right on that count
Haha big night out? Or drinking away your sorrows alone?
Is hanging out with my friends at their house somewhere midway on that range?
Depends on the average level of misery amongst you all
Not palpably so? So closer to going out?
Hard to say
What's your number?
Tbqh my phone doesn't receive half the texts I'm supposed to get. If you have another messaging platform of choice, I'd be happy to give that out
Whatsapp?
Yo baby what happen
I got tired of all my phone notifications and just cleared them all and deleted every app. You deserve a nice girl who is sunnier than me
What baby no
Don't do this to me
I love you
I love me too
God were such a good match
I only believe in Dog, not God
Do you believe in a thing called love?
No
So what up for reals? You wanna hang?
Hey I just got around to reading your profile. I like that you have a kinky side :) 

So why do you think about sex so much?
No, man, I think about Freud, haha.
Hi:))
Hey
Hey Brent!
How ya doing?
Excessively tired. How are you?
Also very tired, just got home from swing dancing.
Swing dancing! A much more active night than mine; I just went to a movie
Cool
Which?
Birdman! It won the oscar on Sunday. I liked it, but it didn't blow me away.
Nice! Crazy oscars.
The Oscars never get it right! I care way too much about film, so I always complain about them.
I'm a filmmaker. I know what you mean.
Oh good! Sometimes I ramble about movies for a while only to realize that my listener could really care less about tracking shots.
Hehe, I care!
Well then, did you watch birdman? I found the long tracking shot kinda gimmicky. What sort of filmmaker are you?
I haven't seen it. It is totally a gimmick to use it for the entire film, but good way to experiment as push boundaries. I am an avant-garde auteur type I guess.
Oh yeah, it's good as an experiment, but I feel like it should serve a purpose in the narrative in a film like Birdman (I felt the same way about Xavier Dolan's 1:1 aspect ratio for Mommy; it signified very little.) Otherwise it just dominates the narrative about your movie; most of the advance word I heard about Birdman was about the long takes. And that's cool that you consider yourself an auteur-- I do like avant garde films.
Cool, you are really smart about this stuff. I agree, it should serve a purpose, otherwise it's just novelty. I'd love for you to review my work.
I don't think I'm really smart about this stuff! Everything above was kinda facile. It'd be harder to review experimental works; a lot of what I critique concerns narrative and character. I don't know what your pieces are like, but I might not be able to manage more than a visceral reaction and whether the themes (if any) resonated with me or not
Well you're very self aware too. Most people don't think that deeply about movies. Mine is abstract and not abstract at the same time; experimental, but not I'm the expected way. It uses some conventional story telling methods to expose a meta-narrative. More than anything I just appreciate the open feedback from a cinephile; someone who might care enough to be see deeper and perhaps even be moved by it's artistic message.
Ah, so not experimental in the sense of complete surrealism; I always think of Dali or Jodorowsky when I think about the genre. If you have anything online, I'd be happy to watch it; otherwise, we could arrange some way to screen your work.
It's online. you can watch it as 36-min film, or as webseries. Bad Buoy Films, or Abs-tract.org (TheMetaPhorce) on YouTube, respectively.
It's a bit surreal, but within reason ;)
Immediate reactions: I think the writing is great and some of those puns and visual jokes had me rolling. You'd probably benefit from stronger colour correction and grading for more consistent white balance. On the other hand, your lighting is probably too good for a real infomercial; those are typically very harsh and flat. Overall, I really enjoyed it, but I imagine that most people wouldn't get the joke without an introduction. If you want a broader audience, you may want to give the puns a bit more room to breathe with looser editing.
Thanks! Less criticism, more reflection though. :p
Especially no technical criticism. I did it all myself with no budget, I'm well aware of it's flaw, but the production value is way beyond par for most independent films.
Did you get your drink last night?
Yes, I got a lovely vodka sour. Could always go for another, haha. I'm sorry that I hadn't gotten back to you with any thematic thoughts on your film; I had intended to rewatch it, but have not gotten around to it :(
Oh that's nice. I appreciate it. I did intend it for multiple viewings. I had a thought on it yesterday, it's a 'fast pace slow burn'. I've been at the Vancouver web fest all weekend promoting it.
I don't mean to be blunt, but it also seemed like the sort of film I should rewatch while high. And pun... absolutely intended. I've never heard of this web fest-- was it a good time?
Yeah, it was. And of course you should rewatch it high! You must have caught the references, there's more than me smoking a bowl, but that alone should be a giveaway. You got that right?
Yes, I did. I just wanted to make that pun. Probably should've played off 'slow burn' instead if I didn't want to seem too slow on the uptake, but retrospect is easier than wordplay.
Fuck, I typed a message then tinder froze. Have to re type. I'm curious to see how much you'll catch. If you're really ambitious you can try to solve the crossword puzzle I made for a promo. I'm trying to offer $100 to the first person to solve it.
You can see it on The AbsTract Facebook page.
Oh dear god crosswords are my weakness why would you do that to me
Haha, it's super hard to, it's a joke really. But it is solvable. Lol
too*
It can't be as bad as the Sunday Times. I'll give it a shot tomorrow. Crosswords are seriously my kryptonite. When I had a corporate job I did three of them a day.
The thing is most of the words are the concepts I made up in the film.
And it has way less overlapping words than a typical crossword, so you'll get only have 3 letters for a 14 letter word for example, if you solve the ones that cross it first.
If it is that hard, you may have ruined my free time for the rest of my life. that blood is on your hands.
But hey, I'll give you $100. assuming your the first. But I wanted this to be a promotional thing. Still no one sees anything I tweet or fb post.
I'm closing the contest until I have an opportunity to get more exposure. My $100 will be better spent on ads. But hey, if you do finish it, I'll buy you dinner or a drink. How's that?
I genuinely never expected that $100; I really do just like crosswords. Dinner or a drink sounds good, though, if I get around to it. The apple store just took my macbook away, so I'm not sure how I'll do it sans real Photoshop or printing it out... We will see.
Feel free to Facebook friend me to text me or both :)
Hello. James?
Nah, James is by no means whiter than Cody. I'm considering "Neil" right now
Hey, how's it going?
Things are good. How are you? :)
I'm pretty good, thanks. You have a pretty smile
HI
Omw in my grape van
I sell grapes
Do you like grapes?
Are you a grapist or something
I dunno if I wanna get graped
Neil is very white if you ask me. Same with Johnny
Neil's a good choice-- I think I'll replace Cody with it. I don't think Johnny is all that white though, but I think Johnny B. Goode was supposed to be black. :P
I didn't know that, and it's interesting ing to know
What ethnic would my name be?
Nothing in particular. It's of white origin but plenty of black men have it (eg derrick rose)
Sounds about right. I'm getting hungry for chicken right now
Oh man I wish I had some chicken.
Hiya, nice Freud joke by the by
Sometimes a Freud joke is just a Freud joke!
Never! Life demands greater complexity gosh darn it! /s
Like Oedipus complexity? Kinky.
Hey!! Look who popped up on my tinder  :p
Hahaha I know right
How are you doing?
I'm doing well. Life has just been crazy busy. How are you?
I'm good. A bit tipsy rn tbqh
Haha same. You downtown?
No I'm in kits rn
I could be downtown though
I don't want to make you come downtown all for me this late :p
But I'm down to hang and drink haha if you want to
Haha I'm not making sense. Let's hang of you're free
Hmm, where are you?
I just got back home. But I can meet wherever.
I Live near burrard and davie. But whatever is easy for you to get to
Hmm, I can only get there by 1. Would you still be up?
Yeah it's Saturday haha I'll be up super late
Well maybe I'll pay you a visit; I ran out of data so I'd send you a text
Haha alright ;) text me
Hey sexy
Hey hun
Ronald.
Metta world peace was born a ronald
Yes thats true.
How about kenneth? Or do lots of asian dudes have that name?
That is, oddly enough, my brother's name
Harder question to answer than I thought.  I mean, Derek is a pretty white name.
Spelled Derrick, there's at least Rose. But I think Hunter takes the cake; no right thinking POC would name their kid Hunter if they're not looking for trouble.
I need a place to crash tonight.
I'm sorry, not at my place :(
Haha its good just a lame line to get a cheeky bang in.
Hahaha... Pretty lame dude
It has worked before #shameless
#noshame #hashtag
Brownie points for the amusing bio
and what are brownie points good for?
\_()_/  I wonder...
How's your night going?
If day doug brad and his cousin, chad, need to be on the list as well
Brad and chad totally play beach volleyball and try to trick each other into drinking Smirnoff ice all day
I tell me about it, just had a guy named chad covered in sand ice me in my own living room.
Damn bros
Web developer!?
I'm your arch nemesis, the technical project manager
Keeper of deadlines, warlock of nagging
Hahahaha let's fight over this terribly unrealistic gantt chart
Bahahahaha
Yes!!
Finance approved it!
It will work!
Haha where do u work?
THERES NOT ENOUGH TIME FOR TESTING THERES NEVER ENOUGH TIME FOR TESTING
I do freelance, so I don't even have one of you
"Well, it's ready. But we could make it better"
Ahhh ok that was my next question lol
Good choice!
Adding years to your life
Well maybe idk
Adding much sleep to my schedule
Haha
At the very least
And a nice live where I want policy
:)
So on a more serious note
Could u make an app that either allows me to design or play game that allows me to build
A blanket fort
THAT IS BRILLIANT HOLY SHIT
SORRY
I GOT EXCITED
Hahaha
It's ok!!!
So did I!!!
Be excited!!!
Lol
Well split the profits 50/50
I dunno, maybe I should just pull a zuckerburg and steal the idea
"I can't wait to stand over your shoulder and watch you write me a damn big check"
"
no shit"
Hahaha
What r u up to this late ?
I'm a freelancer and an insomniac, so... nothing much, haha. What are you doing this late?
Cramming for an exam tomorrow lol
Gonna go to bed now tho
Talk to ya tomorrow little freelancer
Hope u can sleep
you too, good night
You're really, really, really nuts.
Did you get your drink?
Yes! Alcohol ahoy hoy. It was a very nice g&t.
Cookies are looking good
So we doing the typical tinder sexual innuendo or nah?
I prefer to work in Freudian subtext. Like how many dreams about bananas can one girl have?
Well damn, I don't know if you are ready for my tinder line then
Just go for it
Alright here we go, lock your doors and put the do not disturb sign up
Take your hands out of your pants and put them where I can see em
Let me know when you are ready
How could my hands be in my pants if they're clearly on my phone? I am ready, I suppose.
I want you to sit on my face so I can eat my way to your heart
Hahahahaha
Is your door still locked ?
So now that we got the sexual tension out of the way we can get to know each other
You're very insistent on my locking my door. Afraid of being interrupted?
Haha
What's your #
Bennett miller is a fairly white name
Well, if we're taking full names of people in the film industry, there's always that old standby of Benedict Cumberbatch. Clint Eastwood. Maybe Neill Blomkamp is an up and coming contender.
Evan
I can think of a couple of non white evans
now you're just making stuff up
what are you doing this fine sunday evening?
There's totally a black Celtics player named Evan and I know a few Asian ones
I got stood up so I'm headed home hahaha
Stood up, oh no! How so?
That's a cowardly move
Uh... Well, that was probably an overstatement. I was late and then the dude wasn't there. I did send a warning that I would be late though.
I'm guessing you weren't 2 hours late?
20 minutes? Now I'm not sure what to do with myself haha
Nah, still a bad look. 20 mins is nothing, it's expected.
where were you going to meet?
Commercial drive. I'm at cambie and Broadway now though
ah, did you have dinner already?
BARELY. And that makes me sad :(
haha
I'm on my way out to get dinner
want to join me for sushi?
Hmmm where?
I'm in Kitsilano. Hmm
Shizen-Ya on Broadway and Spruce?
I grew up in Kits haha
Shizen ya is aight
crap, it closes at 10pm
Shizen ya also closes
Yeah
About to say thay
*googles*
You can fetch me from this blenz haha
which one?
Broadway and cambie
haha ok
leaving my house in 5 mins
I'll be sitting here
haha
be there shortly
Shortly is a very imprecise measure of time. WHERE IS THERE SUSHI STILL OPEN
Hahaha
I'm on Heather
thanks for hanging out last night, it was good fun!
Yes, it was a lovely time. :)
Hey, how's your weekend? I've been kind of sick, but do you want to hang out again when I get better?
So, is this where I apply for your drunk dial list
my drunk dial list is clearly whoever responds first on tinder
Good. Hi i'm Layo
Future ex boyfriend of your dreams
Ex boyfriend? You seem to be aiming low.
Lol, you're not from Vancouver are you?
Probably more so than you. Grew up in Kits.
Haha, OK then, how adventurous do you think you are on a scale from 1-864
I think I'm more impulsive than adventurous. I'm very careful if you let me think about it, but sometimes I can be egged into doing anything immediately
alright then, shoot me your number
I feel like I've just stubbled across a unicorn.
If I could pretend to be a robot right now I would for the laughs
I feel too lazy to copy and paste though
I'm pretty sure one of us could reverse engineer tinder api calls and build a simple tinder bot in an afternoon..:-)
Just use a training set from jersey shore or something.
Hahaha, so you were thinking sentence generation? I was thinking a learning algorithm to give proper responses, but initially training that would be time consuming
Yea..... Same with the add exchange stuff.  Realism sucks.  But its incredible to know that we're probably not far from building a not that passes the Turing test!
Let's be real, dudes are thirsty and probably will let anything pass the Turing test so long as you don't transparently advertise a website.
Its probably more dignifying that Turing didnt survive to see us today.
That's going into some uneasy territory even before I consider the uncanny valley.
I feel like there's a butt joke to be made about valleys and canyons here, but I am too tired to think of it. good night.
Good night.
There needs to be a better way of scheduling and notifying you of reoccurring appointments, like haircuts.
You mean that these appointments have already been booked, or do you need to be reminded to book them in advance?
The inspirational use case is something like haircuts.  You know you need a haircut in a month, but we don't know what we're doing so we don't book one until a few days before hand.
It would be beneficial to the barber to have his schedule in advance, and the consumer would pay for an intelligent scheduler. The secret sauce is in how you gather the consumers available time slots.
There's also the complication that hair stylists don't necessarily know their individual schedules very far in advance, and customers do prefer to be loyal to individual stylists rather than a salon in general
I agree.  The law of big numbers says that we'd the most number of schedule conflicts when we're dealing with a single stylist.
Let's draw up some personas. Joey, 23. Likes to talk software development with random girls on tinder. Probably needs a haircut right now.
I'm probably due in a week actually.
*probably needs a haircut in a week or so. Likes technology, and depends on his google calendar and Facebook for scheduling events??? Works full-time, so appointments must fall outside of regular working hours??? Just some wanton speculation here.
And truth betold I'd rather ask you more about your work and what you're doing this weekend over iterating over yet another business idea :p
I'm a freelancer and don't have anything planned for the weekend, but I came down with the worst cold yesterday so we'll see if I'll even be able to go out. :\ and yeah, as fun as this is, I am able to talk about non-dev things, haha
What do you do on your down time from development?
I go to a bunch of concerts and watch a lot of movies. And I read. I have pretty boring hobbies. :/
Music concerts? What kinda music to listen to?
I listen to a lot of things. Shoegaze, rap, 2step, indie, deep house... A little bit of everything. I went to two music festivals last year, Governor's Ball in NYC and Decibel down in Seattle. Not sure if I'm going to any this year, though.
Wow that's a varied list.  Where do you go for concerts that's not edm nowadays?
Mostly the biltmore, occasionally the rickshaw, commodore, or some random warehouse on hastings hahaha
That's pretty cool to know warehouse concerts still happen!
They seem very illegal tbqh. Whenever I go to a new one I am a little frightened that it is an elaborate ruse to steal my kidneys
I take it as your an adventurous girl!
Not quite so adventurous that I'd like my kidneys stolen though
I'm not sure if you're exaggerating the threat to your kidneys.
I'm not sure either. And that's the problem.
Where in Vancouver do you call home?
I'm down in Marpole. I grew up in kits, but marpole is so much cheaper, haha
I'm surprise you don't live in downtown.
Haha, why are you surprised? I'm surprised people live downtown.
Why's that? Living downtown is great!
All my friends are hipsters and live on main, haha. The rent is so high downtown
You're a developer.  You should have plenty of money to not worry about rent!
But having hipster friends means that nobody can afford to be my roommate downtown. And I don't like living alone
Yes, yes that's a problem.
Do you mostly work from home?
Occasionally cafes as well
I tried doing that.  I still do have a small bedroom converted to an office/guest room.
I'll often go to client offices and hangout there.
Nice
Busy tomorrow? I could use company in the afternoon.
I'm still a bit sick, alas. Maybe some other time?
Get well soon.  Your loss.  Downtown is buzzing with a saint paddy's day festival, a c-51 protest and lovely spring weather.
:( as much as it is my loss to stay inside, it is a bit of your loss as I am entertaining company
Fancy a drink this weekend?
Maaaybe. What are you up to
I'm playing pool tomorrow evening.
So that conversation died..  How's your week going so far?
I may have been really drunk that Friday, woops. My week's been alright-- I went to the last night of fashion week, which was very weird and sorta neat
As in strange trends in high fashion?
Nah, most of the designers weren't very good-- one looked like he just robbed an urban outfitters. It was mostly just surreal for having a runway in the middle of downtown vancouver and the crowd all dressed up for nothing
:( that seems disappointing.  There are a decent number of well dressed people in this city and great local talent.  Its a shame it didn't come together :(
Hey, how's it going?
OK! I've been sick all weekend, but I'll be finally all better tomorrow-- I can feel it. How are you?
A bit tired. I should eat breakfast soon. Sucks that you're sick.  The flu?
Just a cold, and I am better now! Got to walk along the beach today; the weather was lovely. How was your day?
It was good, but can't wait for the weekend. I just want to go out and be stupid for a bit. Got any weekend plans?
I'm just out for drinks, but otherwise not really any plans this weekend
Hey,  you seem like you could be fun. Wanna get weird?
I'm always weird
Sexy weird? That must be exhausting
I'm always exhausted, but I wouldn't say sexy weird
What's goin on this weekend?
I got the worst cold the other day so I haven't made any plans. Hopefully, I'll be well enough to go out, but it looks like rain tomorrow. What are your plans for the weekend?
Hey,
Sorry to hear that! My weekend was pretty mellow, went out last night to watch some UFC fights with friends, went to the gym, and chilled! Feeling better?
Yes! Much better now... Just in time for a week of rain according to the forecast. :( Sounds like you got up to much more than me; all I did was read and watch Netflix. What kind of music do you listen to?
It hasn't been raining much :)

You're not gonna like this, but I really like country music.. listen to all kinds of music tho, love good hip hop
You?
Yeah! The weather has been great; I've even been to the beach. :)
so when you say that you love live music, you see country? I didn't even realize any country stars came to play here. WRT country music, I only listen to the old stuff like cash or Guthrie. I've been listening to the new Kendrick, and I love hip hop. I also listen to everything from deep house to shoegaze to pop.
Ya I'm into contemporary country, not as much old stuff. 
Stars always come here! 

So you spend a lot of time thinking about se-- Freud?
Haha, that's 1/3 joke, 1/3 I'm not getting any, and 1/3, well yes, Freud is important to keep in mind in reading contemporary literature due to his outsized influence on the modernists and Lacanian criticism.
When you say you're 1/3 not getting any... does that mean you're not getting any?
Yes :'(
Haaaaa
I mean not that I couldn't
Fuck I'm a little too drunk rn
Hahaha
Amazing message
Where were you drinking?
I was at the emerald, and slightly embarrassed that I typed those messages up, haha
It's ok
I'm drinking now
So my turn to drunk text ... Maybe
I didn't drunk text:)
You live downtown?
Aww, I missed out on some drunk texts. :( I live in Marpole, so not quite downtown. It's across from Richmond
Agh but it says 3km away! :(
Also I'm not too familiar with Marpole.
:'( Tinder is really bad at detecting location sometimes. I would get excited when I'd see some small distance, and then find out it was all lies.
So then you're downtown? Nobody's really in Marpole; I grew up in Kits and all my friends live there and refuse to come down here to see me, haha
Yep I'm downtown :)
Let me know when you're downtown ;)
Hahaha, well, what are you up to over the next few days? I could find myself downtown at some point...
Sorry! Haven't been too active on this. Where are you a developer?
I think I'm in love! Lol
Does it make you kinda nervous to say so? It's weird; I don't listen to beck very much but that lyric still popped into my head
Not at all. I get the impression you're a geek too. We should go geek together.
Happy St Patricks day to all, and to all a good night
Coming from an actual Irish person, that actually means something. :) hope your st Patrick's day was swell
hey
Hi, how are you?
amazing, u?
I'm good :)
yes u are :P
Good morning, now that i think of it, my name is pretty white. Lol. Way whiter than madison i think :P
You get an a++ for nominating your own name. Madison is mostly there for gender parity, plus there's something really white about naming your daughter after a slave owning president, haha
. Hahaha amen!! How was ur day? :)
It was nice :) quiet, did some work and now I'm just hanging out at a friend's place. How was your day?
Thats nice! Mine was decent, busy. Worked today, just got home from having a bite to eat afterwards :)
Lovely. :) any plans for the weekend?
Im workin right through the weekend  Day shifts so at least ill have the evenings lol. Have dinner plans with the folks on saturday night but thats it as of yet. How about yourself?
Aww, that's too bad. It's probably good tips for the weekend, though?  I just have plans to drink with my friends, nothing too exciting. Saturday's the only night I'm free, tho, haha
Lol of course! Haha. Well that sounds fun . What do you do during the week? You work fulltime? Go to school?
I'm a freelance web developer, so honestly, my schedule's pretty flexible-- I work less than full time sometimes, depending on contracts. As long as I meet deadlines, it's cool. What do you do exactly?
Thats really cool. Must be nice working for yourself! Thats a goal of mine aswell. 
I cook. Im the sous chef at local public eatery in kits
Haha, its more like I have a rotating set of bosses. What are you up to tonight
Hey hey! Good morning :). I worked till 11 last night. I was right to bed when i got home cause im back at 7 this morning . Hope u had a good night last night! Did u go out?
Yup, got some cocktails with some old friends at the emerald. :) your hours sound really grueling!!
Nice! Had a good time i assume? Meh im workin 7-5 the rest of the week, my usual sched. I was just workin a night shift for a couple  nights and had to switch back in to days haha
It definitely sucked! But im used to it, it happens pretty often i guess... Hope U had a good day at least!?
I had a lovely day. :) so you're back to just day shifts now?
Good to hear :). Yep back to day shifts for the rest of the week! Thank god lol
Whats your schedule like this week?
As of this afternoon, I would've said I'm largely free in the evenings, but my friends are disorganized and now I'm only free on Wednesday and Friday, unless someone flakes out. I need better friends... Or my friends need to be better at planning, hahaha
Hahaha, busy busy! Well if ur free would you wanna meet up on one of those days possibly? Grab a bite and a drink or something? Or build blanket forts and talk about white ppl names :P. And feel free to text me if u want :)
Hope ur havin a good day!
Buhh, sorry, I'm bad at checking my messages. Maybe Thursday or Friday for a bite and a drink and maybe a fort after? I'll send you a text when it's not an ungodly hour
Girlllll, you are super cute. I wanna be inside you!
Pizza, baby, I need to feel your warmth, and want to taste your sauce. Do you come with extra sausage?
For you?  Fuck ya
And the whitest name out there is Chauncey!
Hahaha, are people even named Chauncey anymore? But I'm sure if someone could be named Benedict Cumberbatch, somebody could be named Lord Chauncey Fauntleroy III.
I think Chauncey takes the cake.
Chauncey could take the pie. The pizza pie.
You're a little cutie. What are you doing on here?  Looking for friends to talk about Freud with? Lol
I'm looking for cheesy pizza and cheesy pick up lined
Ig omg_icantbelieve_max
You can go creep me
Mr. Pizza, I don't need photos to know I'd like a slice of you. But it's good to know that your pizza love is genuine-- you're not secretly gluten-sensitive or anything.
Hahaha
Oh. You make me laugh
Step 1 is to make you laugh. Step 2 is to make you pizza.
Keep talking dirty to me.
I can't help but get dirty around you. I knead you.
Come over to my pizza box and let me cover you in my sauce
Now that you mention it, I do like the idea of my box being filled with your sauce
You make me hard like three day old pizza crust
You make me wet like good pizza dough
Pizza Slut, I love you
I don't spread my lips for just anything. Just pizza.
I'd love to be in your mouth
Then get baked and give me a taste.  if you don't come in 30 minutes, do I get some free?
For you?  No charge
Aw, how cheesy
Do you want my pizza delivered to you, or would you like to come and eat it here?
Pizza is really best when it's fresh from the oven
Warm, moist lips are always the best to stuff Pizza Into
What other lips do you put pizza in?! Wait, holy fucking shit, was this all an elaborate double entendre?!
Well, now that you mention it, that does sound totally sexual
I'm beginning to think you aren't a sentient pizza, Mr. Pizza.
No I am not. Behind this Tinder pizza facade is a real live person :P
Behind this tinder pun-loving girl facade is a... Pun-loving girl. Where's your favorite place to get pizza in this city?
Famosas on commercial
You?
Trilussa on main, haha
Buy me pizza, and you can touch my butt!
Now who's the pizza slut? I'm not sure if I'd let you touch my butt for a slice.
Slice? I'm talking about a whole pie!
Hahaha, then maybe? Depends on the toppings; Hawaiian pizzas get no butts. I feel like making a pizza now. Fresh mozzarella, olive oil, prosciutto, roasted mushrooms, and some arugula to top.
Now I'm super hungry
Maybe you'll dream about pizza, which is really the best dream to have. I'm gonna dream about pizza.
Best dreams ever last night
;)
What doing?
Drunk at the emerald
Having fun?
Yesss
More fun with pizza
Do you have a pizza
I do

Coming over for a hot dish?
Hahaha where you at
East van
Toooo far
What doing tonight?
Haha, nm, just listening to Kendrick and reading
Sounds boring
Lol
I'd die if I went out every night... And Kendrick's new album is great
Lets have pizza tonight
While listening to Kendrick
Not tonight Mr. Pizza
Pizza......Ahhhhhhhhh gimme! !!
I ate it! It was really good. Pancetta, pesto and ricotta at don't argue
Pizza pizza pizza pizza
I might want to see your blanket fort abilities
well, let me know if you ever escape from this app. unfortunately my current place lacks enough carpeting (or rugs/blankets to compensate) for ideal blanket fort coziness... :'(
Awe. Mine too actually. I'm sure we could make something work, though!
Failing that, there's always drinks and conversation
Pros - film buff and blanket architect
Cons - Pokemon. Sorry.
Pros - friends with grimace
Cons - mason jar crooner
I mean what is with the whole mason jar thing
Christmas photo shoot prop
A part of you must have been like "man mason jar! I gotta make some jams"
No, I was like I need to drink eggnog out of this
Drink out of a mug or a glass like civilized people
I prefer to be uncivil.
Thank you.
Civilly disobedient are you?
As much as I can.
Don't judge.
You're a real riot, aren't you?
Listen now.
Pokemon!
Remember!
What must I remember?
Con!
Let's start over.
I don't see how a con bans me from wordplay
That's contestable
I'll allow it.
You have a point.
So you concede?
I'll agree to disagree
I can't concede too early
And here I thought you were conciliatory
I can be. When I choose to.
This is some conflicting information
We need to come to a consensus
An agreeable place
A common ground
I concur
A place where we both have the same pro
Probably, the cons were prohibitive
So pro - we are both still up
Start small
Procrastinating sleep
Aka in bed with one eye open.
Probably
At least humour me that you aren't wearing much.
Maybe just one pant leg
Pants?!?
I will cease my verbal conceit to scoff. Who wears pants
I started conservative
Full sweater though right?
By your standards I must be improper
Not my standards.
I prefer much less
I just don't want to assume you're naked
I am not naked! I protest.
Pants! I knew it.
I'm a nevernude, and there are dozens of us
Oh no.
I just threw out my jean shorts
I'm sure I have enough jean shorts for the both of us
That's comforting to know
Although, I might have a hard time fitting in them
Well maybe we can improvise; I'm sure we can find some jeans to make some cutoffs
Now we are talking the same language
But then again, you're heading to bed.
Who said I wasn't already in bed? I'm already asleep
In that case, this is going to be a great dream.
My last dream involved me sitting around doing crosswords, so it couldn't top that one
Mine involved soduko
Damn
*Sudoku, gotta get those vowels right to get the crosswords
I just can't win tonight
That's a con
Why's that?
Pro - grimace
Well well
I liked where you were going before you started taking about Freud