Here to make friends only =)                                            Instagram: keng87
German Student
Love tennis, camping, wine, comedy. 5'9, so no heels for you! That's not my kid in the picture, just using him. Did it work on you?
on the left
"we are the Canadian Borg. Resistance would be impolite. Please wait to be assim "nous sommes le Borg Canadien. La rsistance serait impolie. Attendez s'il vous plat d'tre assimils."
Engineer. Ontario Native. Hockey player, golfer, and lover of acoustic hip hop covers. I'm 5'9". I included the massive Roman battleground for scale.
i enjoy life, music, friendship, good times and skateboarding. No stress no problem
Londoner living in Vancouver
Traveller, politico and european. So yea... the regular: wine, dine, instagram, opinionated
6'2"DesignerAussieJust moved to Van
I'M A SAPIOSEXUAL FROM THE 'SIX'I'M NOT A MAN, I'M AN IDEA. AND YOU CAN'T KILL AN IDEA.   I ALSO OWN A TATTOO SHOP IN YORKVILLE
Canadian traveling in New Zealand.love the outdoors and any thing that flys.What do you want to know?
thinker, skier,adventurer, first responder, rockclimber, carpenter, wannabe kayaker..pretty much only  want to spend the occasional weekend in the city, so lets go dance in the mountains
22  Halfer  The 1%  Fitness is my life  Sometimes I have a beard  I'm self aware you should be too  Party girls and time wasters swipe left
If you want to check out any of my tracks check in
Very passionate about my friends and family.  Working and going to Uni. Hobbies: Broncos! UFC, Video games with friends. BBQ and movie night gatherings.
Puff puff pass
23/ESPAOL/BCIT
Just looking to meet new people, love summer and anything summer related, snowboarding, the gym, and partying with friends.From the kootenays best place in bc!!instagram: 
I am a  flight instructor out at the airport. Full of humour and fun.can do anything for travelling.looking forward to meet up some awesome people around!
I am a party lion. What's kind of animal are you?I make great crepes, they have been described as "amazeballs". My mottos are "Build it bigger!" And "Be dope and do dope shit".
Add me on instagram:
Ah shucks.
Very passionate about my friends and family.  Working and going to Uni. Hobbies: Broncos! UFC, Video games with friends. BBQ and movie night gatherings.
UBC Follow me on Insta
I love dogsicookbetterthanyourmom.com Insta:
I just recently moved hear from Australia, I'm artistic and I love sport.  6 foot tall.
23/ESPAOL/BCIT
Sunshine melodies and fresh squeezed ojTwo wheel zeal whilst catching spring ray.
Learning to fly, willing to fall 6'6"....eeeekkkkk
Is caffeinating really a legitimate activity?
Lets celebrate life. It's a dance this life after all. A conversation  between you and I.
Looking to meet new people and have fun or something more. I'm 6'4" with a thin build and a good sense of humour. Happy to tell you more.
Love cyberpunk and sport
Kiwi lad exploring the world.
Travel. Be free. Be you. I like to eat. Why would i buy the cow if she giving out milk for free ?
So, who likes pizza?
I currently work in tv/film, travel, build art installations, spin fire, and do some photography/video. 6'1"
IG
I will never gain enough weight to make me difficult to hug.
Euphorique.
Music, Movies, Concerts, Fun!
Music is the cool i like to music, art is like a shadow within light. Breakfast is good too.
House trained and has an accent
Just looking to meet new people, love summer and anything summer related, snowboarding, the gym, and partying with friends!! instagram
A student from SFU graduating in 2015. Studying accounting but I can't do your tax.I'm all about that travelling, watching/playing sports and meeting new people. I'm wearing a suit on my profile picture because it was one of the only photos I had of just myself. I'm typically wearing jeans and t-shirts...on a good day
Wassup!!lol
I just moved to Vancouver.  If music your thing, swipe right -  we'll probably get along. Born and raised in Calgary. 6'2. I've been to India, Mexico, China, Brazil, lived in California for 3 months, and visited almost every country in Europe.  Tell me your best pun.
Wassup!!lol
Colombian
cooking, traveling, languages, meeting new people, baseball. Ins
Irish man, living in Vancouver!!
Hello. I like people and thier infinite wisdom and complexity. That is all :)
Professional musician, producer, drinker. Avid gardener, reader, biker. Interested in good conversation, heated debates, and ridiculous antics
Travel. Be free. Be you. I like to eat. Why would i buy the cow if she giving out milk for free ?
Can't live without sports, music and laid back time
Electrician. All around rascally goofball. I like good coffee, lasers, synthesizers, whiskey, subwoofers, craft beer, sacred geometry, wrenching on my truck, festival culture, sushi, camping, four-wheeling, canoeing, raving and swearing. I'm a sucker for a girl that hula hoops,  but it's not a deal breaker.
Viajante e aventureiro. A brasilian travelling to Vancouver
Strive for simplicity, create positivity, value authenticity
In the words of George St. Geegland, "Ohhhhhhhhh HELLO!"I'm a filmmaker, iOS developer, designer, musician, dancer and pizza lover living in Vancouver.I'm new to the city, so I'm eager to meet new people and find their favourite food in town.Oh, tell you a joke? Well...Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was assaulted......peanutI look forward to talking with you. PS. If you send the first message, I'll be very impressed
I am a bit of a Vagabond, I have what I believe is a fantastic job that allows me to travel pretty much every where. I tend to live in more than one city at a time and then go meet friends somewhere else for fun anyways. I like to cook and I'm getting pretty good at it, but I'm far better at drinking beer and wine. Work takes up most of my time but I don't think I've ever turned down an adventure even if it means hopping on a plane with an hours notice.
Australian.  Rookie Traveler.  I have a beard.
BCIT..
Firefighter, new to Van City, from the Island.
Easy going and quiet, electrician, I enjoy most sports and outdoor recreation. Craft beer, Canucks fan.....beard....
Travel, snowboarding, hiking, kiteboarding, wandering, squash, spontaneity, painting, health, music, learning new things, helping others, plants and animals are all things I live for. Not looking to hook up!
Ski instructor. Adventurer and shit like that
Cool since 1992 
Have a Degree in Nursing
Music, Movies, Concerts, Fun!
Bearded, Tattooed and basically just waiting for the weekend. I'm a fiend for good music, good people strong drinks and endless laughter. 
Just arrived in Vancouver. Been on the road for the last 8 months through the states and Mexico. Taught English in the small town of poza rica. 
It's all about the music. Sunshine, good times. I'll make you laugh, you make me smile, fair trade.
Does anybody read these?
I'm 6 foot, and 4 inches. Those are two measurements.
Well travelled, well informed, grew up in Vancouver BC; speak 4 languages ... Studied biochemistry and worked for Pfizer pharmaceuticals .... Now travelling the world in search of peace and new adventures!!! Love animals, doing yoga and just being me and Im sure you're awesome whoever you are!!😊
Must be cool with a dog, mine thinks she's a human at times...
Favorite place to be is where other people aren't! Love the mountains.
White rock ð
Always say yes to adventure. 
6'3. Student Athlete. Lover of dark coffee️ and craft beer
Wassup!!lol
From Hawaii, Like Beer, Food (with gluten) Movies (esp Summer Blockbusters. Midnight showings anyone?) Working Hard. Im not a busy person. I like to relax and go w the flow some active stuff every now and then is nice. Brunch is my new favorite meal next to late night cereal. Im a Gamer (hardcore/casual) Id much rather drink at a pub or on the beach than go to a club...cant really talk there. My Grandma thinks I'm funny :D ps I read all the profiles. Im that guy. Dont be shy, say hi, also 6'3"
I'm here for a good time, not a long time ;-)
Born to be wild - live to outgrow it... I love hiking, biking, swimming ,badminton,soccer, motorcycle and anything outdoors!
Small towner adventuring in the big city. UBC Pharmacy
EDM
Powerlifting
Gym
Hiking
Beaches 
Food
Motorcycles
Is tere any person to say , do and feel everything ! :) like a free minder !
Yesterday is history, today is a gift, tomorrow is shrouded in mystery. 
I am a born adventurer, always in the search of my next challenge. Ashtanga yoga, Meditation and traveling are my thing. New in town, match me if you know any cool places to hang out.
whatever forever
Is tere any person to say , do and feel everything ! :) like a free minder !
Current UBC PhD student. 
Former Big Brother Canada cast member. 
Basically on here to play Hot or Not. 
I like to play dress-up.
I love to cook and live to eat. Looking for somebody to chat or hangout with! Studying computer engineering at UBC
Love to smile and inspire others do the same. 
Appreciate well manners, good cup of coffee, intellectual conversations, hikes and almost all outdoor activities, spontaneous travel, business quests, beautiful(in/out) and intelligent people.
Entrepreneur by trade, adventurist by leisure...
Love the gym!!
Very passionate about my friends and family. Working and going to Uni. Hobbies: Broncos! UFC, Video games with friends. BBQ and movie night gatherings.
Vancouver local. I enjoy arts, coffee, travel, philosophy, yoga, wine, food and cooking. I'm 420 positive and work in a medical cannabis dispensary. 'nuff said.
All about EDM and cuddles.
I'm whatever the opposite of a bro is.
Like traveling, hiking, biking, dancing and... play games :)
Well I'm 6ft, 175lbs, athletic build, tanned complexion and i'm well endowed. I smoke but am trying to quit, i love music that you can dance to or chill out to, i love going out camping, skiing, sports and etc. I love to be at home as well to spend quality time with a special someone, I have to admit I love sex as well, its one of my favorite activity's lol, outdoors, rough, wild, freaky sex or just nice sensual caressing that leads to sex at home. Oh and i'm a carpenter, anything else just ask.
I'm an easy going person and willing to try most things once. Lately I've been trying to live my life with full self expression. Yoga is a new passion of mine. I'm big on activities and nature. I'm a morning person.
I'm basically a man child in the sense that I love being silly and having fun. Laughing and making people laugh. That's my passion.
I'm 6'1
"We only go around once so make it spectacular"... and stuff
Huge music lover, player, writer and singer. I'm up for an adventure of any sort. Name it.
creative, spontaneous and genuine. I work in the food and care industries and dabble a little in art. im also tall as shit, so no to 5' 2" and under. 
If you speak german, double Jaaa. Ich lerne.
Back in Vancouver after two years in London (UK)
Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.
Interests: Traveling, all sports, outdoors, family.
research analyst/ sports fan/ music maker/ reader/ podcast fan
I CAN BUILD FURNITURE! Likes... Running, cycling, swimming, (Triathalons) motorcycles, badminton, kendo, anime, vodka and is learning to play the cello. Laughs lots and likes to go out and try new things and have adventures! I'm also noticing on SOOOO MANY of you ladies saying,"I don't care about your abs or you go to the gym..." Well I don't care about you boob/duck face shots. Lol I want to meet a woman with class that stays fit/healthy.
Small-town roots, then Vancouver by way of Toronto. Moondog is my hero.
All of my friendships come in three ways: sarcasm, insults and inappropriate sexual humour.
Fitness, good food and positive energy is what I live for. 
My grandparents met on Tinder.
Swipe left if you're a melon who can't get married... aka Cantelope.
6'-0" / Sagittarius 
Likes: Technology, Nature, Writing, Europe---Dislikes: Wires, Mosquitoes, Poor Dialogue.
englishman in east van.
work at a craft brewery.
i don't do religion or yoga or veganism and i don't drive a truck. sorry.
I'm a visual effects artist working at Nerd Corps. making cartoons. Photography, fillmmaking, hockey, beer, bicycling road trips and camping...and some other things.
Not looking for anything serious at the moment. Grew up on a farm, live in the city now. Love to travel. Big on tapping into creativity and honesty. Adventure, family and friends are big values. :)
If you love snow and being in the mountains I'm sure we will be good together :) and can handle kelowna and the okanagan in the summer .. But then again what's wrong with you if you can't lol :/but at the end of night I just want someone I can laugh with and enjoy life..
If you're into nerdy shit you've found the right person :p
I got some big goals and major plans that I'm working hard to get to. While I get there it's important to meet new people and try to new things. The more you explore the better chance you'll have in choosing the right person to be absolutely stupid with who gets you for who you are. 
Hit me up if you're down to meet new people and try new things.
SFU student studying History and English.  Lob watching and playing sports and watching films.  Any questions feel free to ask.
"Set no path never lose your way." -unknown
Also looking for love in aldeeran places. Tryna figure out the kobayashi maru sequence and HAL won't fucking open the door for me.
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So no matter how hardand handle it.k your chest out, keep your head up,
Sharing is caring! Swipe right.... I'd do the same for you ;)
I'm not interested in your problems
Angles and filters scare me
Netflix and beer is better than peanut butter and chocolate
Horse people are the worst
"Lulu lemons aren't for everyone"
Belgian stoked to meet people ! Photography, rock climbing, music, travel, geek stuffs
I'm only capable of communicating through obscure references that even I don't fully understand.
Don't know anyone here on ottawa but passing through for a couple of weeks! Someone take me somewhere fun ! #gosensgo
I enjoy puppies, sunshine, and long walks on the beach.
Times it by infinity and take it to the depths of forever and you will still barely have a glimpse of what I'm talking about.
When I smile, my eyes disappear
HK from 27-30. Pacific islander.  #TravelinAsia.   Canada -> Philippines - >HK.  FOB here, anyone wants to show  me around?
Chartered Accountant. Volleyball player. Golfer, snowboarder. Likes to travel
Ex National athlete, varsity athlete,
Moved to Van for school
Diversity above all,
Your future doc ;)
burritos and beer.
The witch's curse dictates that I can only talk about Gilmore Girls or Grindcore
Just living day to day, enjoying the sunshine.                    double dates also considered for my super cool roomate Dre
Lame jokes for days. From the forest of Ontario. 6'
Because he's the hero Tinder deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll swipe right for him. Because he can take it. Because he's not a douchebag. He's a silent gentleman. A watchful protector. A European Knight.                          UBC Chemistry; Instagram
Quiet when I need to. Loud when I need to. Never take life too serious...I mean come on we are on Tinder. Make my living being an athlete but that's only a fraction of my life I do lots of other stuff aside from lifting metal or jumping buildings. Umbrella dodging is a great Vancouver sport!  IG
Cars, beer, spontaneity. Sometimes my hair is short. Could be described as awkward. Also I'm 24.
In Vancouver for a bit, looking for someone to grab a beer with and learn about the city.
Simple life simple living :)
Im a Basic Bro. Gym, sports, ball is life, Rihanna. If its summer I will be at the beach. I live downtown and I want to meet new people. I get bored real fast talking over tinder. Would rather get to know someone in person :) . snapchat dlp-2
From halifax but living in Van.  Last night before I go back!
I like adventure and outdoors.
I'm brilliant and modest.
Looking to meet new people.
IG: therealnfr - it probably says more than I can here.
T.O--> YVR, mtn bike, rock climb, live music, cooking, bcit electrical eng student atm but built to roam
Copywriter by day, curator by night. GhentAmsterdam                                                  Al Bundy is mijn spirit animal
Work is consuming my life
Law Student
When in doubt swipe right
Living in Whistler pursuing a career in the Hotel Industry!
Running through the 6 with my woes
Student, cook, DJ.
Extra brownie points if you can recite a Cam'ron line
Health professional .
Likes trying new restaurants, traveling, wining, coffeeing, chilling, singing
Been on the honour role, sculptures of my body out in Nagano.
I like beach naps in the sun, kitchen experiments, reading binges, and training daily. 6'4" but have no height preference.
Fountain pens are fascinating. What's your dorky side?
Singer of songs. Lover of life. Sailboats. Horses. Friends.
Currently back in school studying Cognitive Science. I like good conversation, spending time outside, going to movies being general nerdy, watching live concerts and shows, and most importantly hanging out with friends, having a ton of laughs. I appreciate someone who knows when it's time to be serious but can have while doing it. Chatting online for ages is not my thing -- I much prefer to meet in person once we establish that we get along. Some people call me weird, I take it as a compliment.
Shiver me Tinder.
I shave maybe 4 times a year.  5'11" with socks on.  You should enjoy fun, and not be scared of adventure.  I'm mortified by deep water, but love snorkeling anyhow... Not a metaphor! I miss snowboarding...
Outdoorsy. Adventurist. Foodie. Go Canucks go!
SOMF+KCCO
Fitness
Krav
French bulldogs
Straight edge
I make video games by day
I make music by night
6'1
My dog is my life
I read your bio before swiping right
Bonus points for drawn on eyebrows
I don't like turtles; I love them.
Ex british paratrooperIn whistler for a week message me
Going Crazy, Wanna Come
I'm an Aussie living in Canada, love basketball, snowboarding, cooking and new adventures :)
Hi ladies i'm Pietro i'm 25 and come to Italy, i'm looking  for new friends, for improve my english!!!  I like snowboarding, hiking, take pictures, traveling, writing and many other think. I'm pretty active and i love new adventure!!!
INSTAGRAM: gibbolo89
Outdoorsy. Adventurist. Foodie. Go Canucks go!
Food, beer, wine, photography. Just here to meet new friends. Swipe right if you like, but never judge a man by its tinder.
All I'm looking for is someone who will get high and play chess with me.
Only Judy can judge.
 #6 in first team photo.
People pay me to make cartoons and be funny. Mixed results.
Fresh Prince, Saved by the Bell or Friends?
FABULOUS!
Here to meet new & interesting people. I love to cook, play outdoors, watch & play hockey and occasionally skateboard, Im not very good at this describe yourself thing. If you smoke swipe left.
Outdoorsy. Adventurist. Foodie. Go Canucks go!
Looking for friends to hang out! I love Vancouver and been here for 2 years.   Graduated culinary school and would love to make you dinner. I'm currently in massage therapy college right now. Enjoy gaming, cooking, hiking, fishing and watching movies  Message me if you want to know more.
Sponsored taker of naps.
Hi! I m French and I just arrived in Vancouver! I like sport (doing not watching..), art, animation, films, chilling outside a Sunday noon and good foods :)
La littrature ne permet pas de marcher, mais elle permet de respirer.
23. Travel. Ocean.
5'11. 180 lb
love Swimming, cross fit, hiking, movies, sharing & discussing ideas, universal soul, no discrimination,
Feels like son of the universe, non religious yet spiritual, loving, caring.
Stop! Wait a minute! Fill my cup put some liquor in it! Take a sip, sign a check!  Julio! Get the stretch! That's my nephew in the pic. Also, my name is Joe, not clifford.
Just another tattooed sailor on the high seas 5'11"
Will make u cry
Don't you worry, I'm not from Surrey ... Born n raised in small town Terrace, Living Downtown Yaletown ... Looking for a drink, laugh, and a conversation, been told I'm Funny and not just looking
Here to meet new & interesting people. I love to cook, play outdoors, watch & play hockey and occasionally skateboard, Im not very good at this describe yourself thing. If you smoke swipe left.
6'3 from Canada chasing dreams out here in the states
As you can see by my pictures, I am the type of person that is willing to put his hand in a crocodiles mouth... That is all
Saving damsels in distress since 91' #yaletownboy 
I'm Matt
Aerospace tech graduate
Wakeboards/snowboards/flies planes/animal
Lover
Lover of music, travel, baseball, film, tea and girls who wear glasses.
I work in sales. I love my job, I work hard, I have fun 14/7. I have the best friends and family a person could contemplate. I'm a dog person, so if you have a cat swipe left unless your puss has a really bad attitude.
Puppies, Music, travel, work, snow, dogs, Wayne's World, nature things, photography, food, beer, wine, cocktails, dogs and puppies.
I ain't got no type!
Outdoorsy. Adventurist. Foodie. Go Canucks go!
I got some big goals and major plans that I'm working hard to get to. While I get there it's important to meet new people and try to new things. The more you explore the better chance you'll have in choosing the right person to be absolutely stupid with who gets you for who you are. 
Hit me up if you're down to meet new people and try new things.
Biology major 🔬
Whale Watching Guide 🐳🐋
Bartender 🍸
5'10" loves volleyball, snowboarding, skiing, hiking, cycling, climbing, and is also kind of a nerd ;)
Work hard and play harder.
Enjoy life and smile lots.
Things I like: 
Cars
Beaches
Boats
Boarding (snow and wake)
Riding my bmx and realizing I lost all my skills! Haha
Long drives with no destination
Camping
Loud music
Fires at the river
All that kind of fun stuff!!
I have responsibilities in life, and I take care of what needs to be taken care of. 
Oh, I'm 5'10" 
we all need to grow up a little slower, take time to enjoy "the moment" and realize that life is what we make it.
I like sarcasm, and how many incredibly useful emojis there are 💾📏🏮
Here to meet new & interesting people. I love to cook, play outdoors, watch & play hockey and occasionally skateboard, Im not very good at this describe yourself thing. If you smoke swipe left.
Man. About. Town.
5'6 Eastvan Alumni'83 Tattooed with an Ink Addiction Wanderlust Motivation Food/ Fitness junkie
Dare to dream
Conditioning coach, goalie coach, self defense coach, but a hippie at heart.
It's going down...I'm yelling Tinder
Articulate man who knows how to have a good time. Likes conversation, a challenge, sports, and classic hip-hop. Reads, volunteers, travels, runs, enjoys exploring new concepts, and generally spends time developing overall capacity as a human being. But doesn't cook.
Also wonders why his non-iron shirt has ironing instructions...
6'8" doctor/body-builder/trust-fund-baby
I. Love. Crocs.
Work hard, play harder!
I write, drum, and I work in TV and film, so I'm always up for chatting about movies because I love stories.
So Tell me yours.
torontonian , new yorker, san franciscan, singaporean
digital nomad
(6'4). I have a passion for Adventure and fitness. I love to meet new people, a bit shy at first but soon passes . I'm pretty easy going and motivated. positiveness and honesty are qualities I look for. If you wanna know more message me!
work as a lubeman, 5"9 or 5"10 not sure lol.. no psychos please and no DTF /FWB. thanks and good luck!
Looking for someone fun!
I'm a big goofball who loves to laugh and to spoil people. I apply all life lessons learned from the Berenstein Bears. :) 
Not looking for a quick hookup.
Man seeks woman, must enjoy films, breathing oxygen and converting protein intake into muscle energy.
At this point I'm pretty sure half the female profiles are just robots getting ready for world domination
On the off chance you are human lets chat!
I bike, cook, play guitars, golf, hockey and hike just to name a few
Really looking to meet some interesting new people, swipe left if you're looking for hook ups. Sarcasm is a must, active lifestyle, and a wicked sense of humor are some of the things that really grab my attention in a person. I wonder if anyone actually fills all 500 characters allowed here...if you've actually read this far, I'd love to hear from you
Lawyer who loves to travel, eat, and exercise
6' outdoorsy dude. Travel & adventure fanatic.
I love photography, pizza making, hiking, rock climbing, mountain biking and riding any vehicle with no more than 2 wheels.
Don't tap the green button unless you don't mind Italian accent.
🌍🗻📷☀️🌿🎧🎨♻️🚲🐺🇮🇹
This app is a data draining money hungry joke. I've been told that my new hair cut makes me look like I could be the third Tegan and Sarah sibling. Yoga, hiking and downhill mountain biking.
Running, snow boarding, golfing, trying to be healthy, cooking, wine, whiskey, beer, writing, gamer, League, Destiny, EDM, vocal trance, classical and rock
My friends call me a mushroom cause I'm a Fungi
I saw this whino, he was eating grapes. I was like, dude, you have to wait - MH
Ordinary and simple guy. exploring new ways of meeting interesting people. I'm 5,11. Lover of all things ocean, adventure, mountains, running and outdoor activities. 
	My 6 pack's in the fringe. 
Tired of the dating game. All grown up now. Life's meant for two. Plus cooking for one sucks. Golf, snowboarding, wheeling and hot springs/tubs. 
"Heaven is what you make it and hell is what you go through" - wu tang
Trust me I'm not like any one you have ever met I'll blow your mind and maybe sweep you off your feet. I love live music, Beach, Any thing out doors , Tatoos, And I really care about people I have a big heart.
Film and philosophy student at UBC...trust me awesome conversationist
Haha tinder
Lover of road trips and Reese's peanut butter cups. I'm also into photography, fillmmaking, hiking, Canucks, Netflix, TED talks, travel, and wandering for hours in Chapters. I'm easy-going but ambitious, I hope you can keep up.
No, I've never had sex, but you know what? My degrees keep me satisfied. When a lady walks to me says “hey u know whats sexy?” I say “no, I don’t know what it is, but I bet I can add up all the change in your purse very fast”
Just looking for a girl to take home for Sunday dinner .
Airline Pilot. Ex quantum physics lab rat with B.Sc. Physics, Math (smarter than your average bear). Musician. Extreme sports enthusiast. Friendly, easy-going, and probably a little too talkative. Born in Africa. From Vancouver. Lives to travel. No kids. 5'10". Athletic. Humble servant of the flying spaghetti monster.
I'm an aspiring writer, wannabe photographer and all around happy fella. None of which pay a damn thing yet so I have a real job ;) .I'm 6'4, the funniest man you don't know and I often go to the store for only milk and cookies. I always drop my sandwiches. What happened to the art of conversation? I like LOTR and Seinfeld which makes me extra neat. I have no selfies. Respectfully, NOT looking for a pen pal. No riffraff. Everyone needs eyebrows. Please subscribe to that sentiment :)Slàinte
One step can change everything bad in your life, Just don’t say: I’m sad, I’m bad person I can’t be happy or I can’t live without him or her. You should understand that، your happiness between your hands not between another person’s hands.- Enjoy your life.
I enjoy playing sports over watching them, am a pizza connoisseur and a music snob. I dislike writing bios, so let's chat!
Irish, living in vancouver
I'm 2.01m tall, love cooking and going out! Currently finishing up medical school and looking for the next big thing ;)
Travelling, photography, motorcycling, hiking, and chocolate croissants. 
Looking for a fun girl. Swipe to the right 👉
Training for the Olympics and on my spare time developing a habitat for raccoons.
Update: raccoons have taken over the habitat 
Update: the raccoons have learned how to roll joints 
Update: all is well in the habitat
I couldn't fix your brakes so I made your horn louder.
i am cool & friendly
You stay classy Vancouver
Professional photographer looking for a partner in crime to experience life and laugh together. Say hi!!
6'4. Hockey, skiing, cars, beer. 
Vancouverite. Businessman. Son. Brother. Friend. I love to travel, meet new people, try new things and make the most of every opportunity... Sports fans and foodie/vino lovers get bonus points :)
Recently moved to Van
Pharmacy student at UBC
Interests include stuff and things (mostly)
Height: 5'7... im sorry ladies
From: Vancouver, but actually from Squamish
Hangouts: Always down for an adventure or anything outdoorsy. 
Likes : Hockey, rap/country music
Tv: Big Brother, Seinfeld, AHS, Suits
Hockey: Alex Ovechkin Vancouver Canucks
Hey guys! Huge into lifting, Boxing,Netflix, Anime , and a huge food junkie! Im 420 Friendly and im a guy who has his life together! Msg me if youre interested in becoming friends or something more!! :D
Powerlifting and nature.
Love music, vocals/teaching 🎤 my dog, nature 🌲 adventures, weekends 🍻 good vibes (((✌️)))
6', down-to-earth, kind, genuine, fun, open-minded.
Happy guy that loves life
Only God Can Judge Me
Irish/Canadian just moved to Vancouver from Donegal. I enjoy the outdoors, hiking, wildlife, photography, soccer and GAA. Looking to meet some new and interesting people. I don't like little dogs
Cheesecake and flattery will get you everywhere with me.
Living life like the glass is half full and half empty
Both r my friend's lil grls. Van city born n raised."Being male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, being a gentlemen is a matter of choice.""Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all."~Aristotle
How many cat videos does it take to make someone smile?... No need. This works better. "Eskimo Kiss Cam". Google it or watch it at youtube.com/watch?v=u7udFDVJsew. Hope it puts a smile on your face :)
I'm a actual guy new in Vancouver, love to read and enjoy a good conversation
You hit the gym?💪 I do too. You smoke weed? I do too😉 👍
Looking for friendship. Cinematographer.
Just moved to Vancouver 
Making my way around the world 🌎👣
25 countries down 
BarTender & Tourguide 
Looking to meet new people!
Travelling the world in search of something.
Canucks & Beer
Last girl took my favorite sweater.
Brazilian, graphic designer, looking for someone who share interests other than VanCity Buzz.
I like beer and movies and beer... Batteries not included.
Hockey player // basketball player
German // Means I love good beer  // Berlin!
6 foot 2 // Mexican food
Just because whales are naked doesn't mean they're slutty.
UBC Kin grad. Hockey, lacrosse, country, and fun.
Airline Pilot. Ex quantum physics lab rat with B.Sc. Physics, Math (smarter than your average bear). Musician. Extreme sports enthusiast. Friendly, easy-going, and probably a little too talkative. Born in Africa. From Vancouver. Lives to travel. No kids. 5'10". Athletic. Humble servant of the flying spaghetti monster.
The more things change, the more it remains the same!
I love my mom, hockey, snowboarding and relaxing on the beach. My two boys come first no matter what. I like French whiskey. KCCO!
Snowboarding & Surfing 👉👌💦
UBC/skiing/reading&writing/coffee/nights out/beer&wine
Airline Pilot. Ex quantum physics lab rat with B.Sc. Physics, Math (smarter than your average bear). Musician. Extreme sports enthusiast. Friendly, easy-going, and probably a little too talkative. Born in Africa. From Vancouver. Lives to travel. No kids. 5'10". Athletic. Humble servant of the flying spaghetti monster.
Van city
It's all an adventure pretty much sums up the way I view my life. I'm a very loving person and I'm one of the most non-judgmental people you will probably ever meet. I'm very into art.I like meeting new people, making new friends, I'm extremely easy to get along with and I will love you for the person you are. I love people who are real and don't try to hide behind some fog to try and be politically correct. I like to cuddle, I like to sleep, I like to listen, I like to write, and I  life.
I like hockey, music, history, travelling, and fashion .  http://about.me/aaron_cheung
movie lover!!!adventurer!!!
Currently in my last year of law school at TRU.  I enjoy reading,  procrastinating,  hiking and watching TV and movies.  I'm also a huge canucks fan.  I've lived in Vancouver,  Toronto and Ottawa and am currently in Kamloops for school.
If you don't want to swipe right that's fine, I get that, but you are wrong and I hate you
If you only show half of your face in your pictures I'm going to assume that you are a Sasquatch
Biracial - black/white
Hoosier
UBC - Biogeosciences
Looking for someone with whom I can sip wine and play Mario Kart.
If I say I'm good, you'll say I'm boasting. But if I say I'm no good, you know I'm lying.   -Bruce
I have an identical twin. Previous National Athlete. UBC
Having fun being happy and no stress
UBC student, 6'3"
Hiking, biking, traveling, being lazy, watching tv, and eating large amounts of food are probably my favorite things to do.  I could live off of sushi and pizza, and I was pretty sad when I didn't get my letter from Hogwarts.
.Be kind to people, the Earth and yourself
.Stay positive, focussed and happy
.Keep laughing, loving and learning
.Look outwards, inwards and above
CHEERS
Enjoying life, keeping a positive attitude, having a lot of love to give, and if its extreme,illegal,dangerous,exotic or challenging then try it at least once!
6'0"
Brown Curly Unruly Hair
Bluish-Greenish-Tropical-Bayish with a black dot in the middle Eyes
Athletic Fitness
"Humor and music are the essence to a healthy life!" - KM
Filipino/Chinese.
Master Chef.
Professional Sleeper.
Expert Gamer.
:)
Audio engineer, graphic designer.  Into comics and other similar things.
Ambitious  gentleman. great personality and smilesnapchat: redarmydevil
British import embracing all things Canadian! Grad student at UBC but much rather spend my time in the mountains. Looking to meet some cool climbing, hiking, camping and fishing friends.
Big in to fitness. Fit n'ess this pizza in my mouth.
looking to meet some new friends
Easily entertained and optimistic. A nice guy that bites back.
6'5". sarcastic. loud. obnoxious. Kenneth is not my real name...
I'm pretty career oriented and spend vast majority of my time creating new things.
From Holland with love. Here to make friends, cause trouble and have fun ;) 6'2
Engineer/Restaurant Owner/Educational Activist/App Developer. I love nature, music and the unknown.
Do or Do Not. There is no try - Yoda.                 Without self-motivation you will never progress, do it for yourself not others.
Deep house & tea.
International Business Management at BCIT
Airline Pilot. Ex quantum physics lab rat with B.Sc. Physics, Math (smarter than your average bear). Musician. Extreme sports enthusiast. Friendly, easy-going, and probably a little too talkative. Born in Africa. From Vancouver. Lives to travel. No kids. 5'10". Athletic. Humble servant of the flying spaghetti monster.
Studied at UBC School of Architecture, now I run an industrial design company. Life is good; work feels like a hobby... If you are funny and intelligent that's a HUGE plus. Good luck out there.
love to play sports varsity athlete football and rugby for UBC, 6'0" love girls with tattoosPiercing Weed Games and sci fi
uvic 2014
ubc 2016
Banksta:
Banker by day gangsta by night.
// Cowboy
Another Australian in Vancouver. New to town, looking to make friends to explore the city with :)
Impossible is Nothing. you get to know them.
New to Vancouver, from Ireland.
I've walked the seven seas, explored half the galaxies, stopped time, blown minds, moonwalked the sun, busted through KoolAid's wall and defeated Chuck Norris. Also a Capricorn. Love the outdoors. Pubs over clubs, but who doesn't like dancing. Subcontractor. Speak German. GOD in the kitchen. 4x4ing. Simplicity is key.
Don't kill the vibe
& always
Enjoi life
I like snowboarding, fishing, hiking, kayaking and cook!  Anything that keeps me busy. Oh yeah and I got a jeep. So mud :) If you like sublime we'll probably get along
Outgoing, fun to play with :p. Love cooking, playing music ( ),  singing, going out, and fishing. Love is my religion!                                         P/S: I can't have enough of beautiful smile so smile on!  :-D
I'm from Brazil...I study and work in Vancouver...
Road TriP around USA!
Socialite, business consultant, musician, cook.
English guy new to Van. Looking to meet a cool girl to have some fun with. Film grad, traveller, lover of nature, the ocean, mountains, forest, the beach and good people.
Model, actor, artist and Hvac trades technician.
Hard working, focused, traveling, and loves life of adventure.
Life is what we make it. Know what you want and go after it. Things may get in your way at times but find ways to overcome them or make those things help propel you faster to your dreams.
Dont judge me by my looks get to know me and youll like who i am.  Hmmm love to work out and an very athletic ... I'm into all kinds of sports... A very big foodie!..no matter what its coasts me I'll make you laugh any time.  The guy who made walking dead is a god.
Foodie
Soccer & the gym
Auto enthusiast
RMT student
Airline Pilot. Ex quantum physics lab rat with B.Sc. Physics, Math (smarter than your average bear). Musician. Extreme sports enthusiast. Friendly, easy-going, and probably a little too talkative. Born in Africa. From Vancouver. Lives to travel. No kids. 5'10". Athletic. Humble servant of the flying spaghetti monster.
About me: you know you can always just ask :))
Favorite numbers are 14 and 24 :))
I am an Arizonian and a Vancouverite
I'm from Canada and is currently residing in Mesa, Arizona.
I love the Sonoran Desert and the weather in Arizona.
I just moved back to Vancouver. Excited to be back in my favourite city. Engineer by day, extraordinary dude by all the time. If we get along I'll tell you my real name. Until then, I'm just "that guy"
I spend  most of the time working . I'm  kinda new here . I'm  very friendly. I love sports. Im Albanian
hey, how are ya
your good buddy
Recently moved to Vancouver. Easy going  and always up for a laugh:)work to live don't live to work that kinda shite!!
Don't worry, be happy.
Advocacy, parks, yoga. craft beer, cooking, sarcasm, coffee and everything else that makes me an East Van nerd. I'm a fundraiser by day, and an adventurer by night, but no, I am not Batman, though who doesn't wish that they were.
I enjoy engaging conversations usually while exploring the city. There is always something new to discover.
UVic grad. Love to travel, music, and anything outdoors
I'm currently an accounting student at UBC. I like to hangout, watch movies and make bad jokes. Bonus points if you like hockey. I'm 6'4 if that matters. Also I'm super cool.
TPE/YVR/SYD. Live life to the fullest, everyday is an adventure waiting to be discovered. If you're just saying that without any actions then you're doing it all wrong. Travelling and photography are my life and soul. Loves good food and coffee.
Back to the impressionism movement, in the art culture...!
"Tu devrais bien, si tu peux, me faire sentir que lart est vivant, toi qui aimes peut-tre lart plus que moi". Vincent Van Gogh.
Not all who wander are lost
Live and die on this day!
I wanna know what having fun is! I want you to show me!
Slante!
26 Australian
Live by my family motto, Hope, Faith, Family. Doesn't mean I'm religious nut. I Love photography, Comics, Art, Music, Sport snowboarding skateboarding and surfing.
I'm a straight forward kind of guy with a mix a brutal honesty.
I Live/study and work in Vancouver, Canada
IG : burnzg
Canadian
I'm looking for a soul mate... And some crack...
musician.
Yes, I like Pia Coladas. Getting caught in the rain? Not so much.
And my dog likes to dance to Jimmy "Bo" Horne. Labs love their classic 70's funk.
Good humor, laid back, adventurer, world traveler  and puppy lover !
From Vancouver, now call Guatemala home.
"An unexamined life is not worth living" -Socrates
Yes my girlfriend knows I'm on here.
Looking for someone to travel with
Single security guard on Valentine's Day. Hey,  Tinder :P ;)
Marketing Manager. Entrepreneur. UOttawa Grad. Sports. Sushi. Hip Hop. Canucks till the death of me.
Anime: Mirai Nikki, Tokyo Ghoul
Music : clean bandit, TDCC
Games : League
6'3 titan of the railroads .. But please come snowboarding, sailing, or off roading in the Jeep with me instead. I also dig concerts, rock climbing, traveling, reading, being absurd, and playing guitar. Go Buckeyes
In Vancouver for a couple nights, looking for someone who knows the town.
The Possibilities Within~
People read on Tinder? Well if you are thanks;  I guess the pics werent a total sell. I'm always looking for great conversation.Chances are I'll make you smile and really that's a great way to start. I won a prize once for Whitest washed brown guy... ironically it was for a free butter chicken at White Spot
I have two tickets to the comedy mix this Thursday..
Slender, six one, pretty easy going guy, looking to meet new people and have some adventures. I drive and have a career job as a mechanic. Pizza music beer art catching some rays and boarding are things I'm looking forward to in my day.
Im a painter, rapper, actor, comedian, connoisseur of fine herbs, lover of tattoos, snowboarding, pool playing, student. In van for the tattoo convention for the weekend!
Rich, handsome and know how to treat a girl. If interested MSG me.
Times it by infinity and take it to the depths of forever and you will still barely have a glimpse of what I'm talking about.
I know what you're thinking, but surprisingly no I'm not a professional photographer despite my editing skills.
Looking for someone open-minded and confident enough to hang out with new crowds. Bonus if ur athletic.
Fitness, nutrition, sports, food, family, wine and travel. I thrive on change and pressure situations. Ambition and passion are key.
Livin' the Dream
Sharing is caring! Swipe right.... I'd do the same for you ;)
6'3 from Canada chasing dreams out here in the states
UBC
Just a quick note to anyone out there who thought they could outsmart tinder's agist tiered pricing for those over 28... They are one step ahead of you. Also, facebook coincidentally only allows you to change your age once every six months... F*ck. 27 on tinder, 30 in real life, mind of a 12 year old.
Fusion food is so 2010.
I make myself laugh really hard. Who wants to to help me build a turtle habitat?!
Colombian born Vancouverite
Into: food, beer, soccer, music, ads, movies...
5'11" grad student at UBC looking to meet new people. I'm an open book so ask anything you like. I'll always give an honest answer.
Is this thing on?
I shoot movies for a living. Very active. I sail, play rugby, hunt (for food), dive, snowboard, surf, love making and drinking beer, cook, garden, farm, and build. Well travelled. Freethinker. Kind of a redneck-hippie. Sustainable living and the environment are issues of prime importance to me. Most importantly I am a father of two beautiful little children... 6'2" and 210# I've got a couple tattoos... Getting more.
Graduate law student at the University of British Columbia and sushi chef by trade. Swipe right and say "hi." :-)
Gamer | Fitness |Nursing                                         IG - JaeLeus
UBC student, 6'3"
Hiking, biking, traveling, being lazy, watching tv, and eating large amounts of food are probably my favorite things to do.  I could live off of sushi and pizza, and I was pretty sad when I didn't get my letter from Hogwarts.
Work is consuming my life
From australia, looking to meet some people.
From the UK, now living in Vancouver, just recently became a dual citizen. British and Canadian
Ask and find out ;)
Only first photo is recent.
Been on the honour role, sculptures of my body out in Nagano.
I constantly get caught singing Lauren Hills Doo Wop and rapping Queen Pens verse on No Diggity.
I used to have a really good description. Trust me. I love music, my huge dog, and anything funny.
From australia, looking to meet some people.
Man seeks woman, must enjoy films, breathing oxygen and converting protein intake into muscle energy.
Traveler. Snowboarder. Motorbiker. Engineerer.
Engineering student. Mountain climbing, biking, gym, etc...
New to Vancouver from lovely little NZ.  Film, food, hiking, biking, you name it I'm in. 5'8".
If I say I'm good, you'll say I'm boasting. But if I say I'm no good, you know I'm lying.   -Bruce
Everybody is a little hard to love sometimes.
Instagram - becauseyouredrunk
From the UK, now living in Vancouver, just recently became a dual citizen. British and Canadian
Instagram: Rob5ingh
Unconventional thinker, optimist, renaissance man. Interests include reading, exotic cooking, film, history, the future, romance, firearms, ocean adventures. Looking for chemistry and a inspiring thinker, optimistic and a sense of humor.
I love my puppy and work too much.
I'm far too sarcastic and way too punny
I like to canoe/camp and play ultimate
Just because whales are naked doesn't mean they're slutty.
UBC Kin grad. Hockey, lacrosse, country, and fun.
I like things and do stuff.
I need a plus one for my cousins wedding
So yes I am 22 I love sports especially soccer. I've played pro in Croatia so yes I do know Croatian :p. I'm a very outgoing person who loves to have fun and enjoy the world. I am 5'9 I'm chill and also love being outdoors but being inside sometimes chillen watch a movie or something never hurts :). Also not shy :p and love music as well any kind of music yes even country :) haha
Philosophy, Literature, and Art.
Outdooor adventurist snowboarding hiking cycling yoga fitness swimming boating kayaking
Vinyl and music
Stop! Wait a minute! Fill my cup put some liquor in it! Take a sip, sign a check! Julio! Get the stretch! That's my nephew in the pic. Also, my name is Joe, not clifford.
Maybe a blizzard buddy? Physical activities, Game of Thrones, French and Japanese, Radiohead, Murakami Haruki, and you may ask. Beer & hockey game?
I'm a demolition worker, play saxophone, love my music and a passionate person. I'm not interested in hook ups, and looking for a relationship. Dates first then maybe more?? No drama kinda of person, and I msg back if you msg regularly. Any questions please ask. :)
Just another small town folk living in the city.
From NYC. In Vancouver for a few days, in need of a tour guide.
Im brand new to the Courtenay Comox area, maybe someone could show me around?? 
I shaved my moustache.
Traveling and tattoos are a plus.
I really can't wait for "twerking" to become a thing of the past.
More of the strong silent type, so I guess you'll just have to ask me what you want to know. And who knows, we just might end up having a great conversation.
19, hunting, fishing island guy new to richmond looking for someone to show me around. !
Hello! I'm Trevor... But wait... there's more! I am a well travelled and easy going guy who likes to try and squeeze every last drop of lemonade from this big old life lemon. I live in the city and love going out, but also love to get outside whenever possible.. Even if it's just a quick hike on the north shore. I like girls who are funny, intelligent, pretty and outgoing...homebodies need not apply... Cause we be getting amongst it!... Swipe and let's see if we hit it off
Enjoy the things in life that make you happiest.
.FiGhT wItH tHe BeSt Or DiE lIkE tHe ReSt !VENI, VIDI, VICI.
From CA to BC. UBC masters. Entrepreneur in clean energy. When I'm not working I tend to disappear to the west coast of the island, or to the mountains for clarity. Being in the water is where I find my greatest happiness, whether it be for a surf, wakeboard set after work, or a paddle to some remote island for camping. Let's go for coffee and see where it takes us. Not looking for hookups. Be real about who you are, because it's easy to see when you're not.
I've walked the seven seas, explored half the galaxies, stopped time, blown minds, moonwalked the sun, busted through KoolAid's wall and defeated Chuck Norris in battleship. Also a Capricorn. Love the outdoors. Pubs over clubs, but who doesn't like dancing. Subcontractor. Speak German. GOD in the kitchen. 4x4ing. Simplicity is key. 
Shiver me Tinder.
There is a 100% chance Bruce Campbell has slept with your mother
Model, actor, artist and Hvac trades technician.
Hard working, focused, traveling, and loves life of adventure. 
Life is what we make it. Know what you want and go after it. Things may get in your way at times but find ways to overcome them or make those things help propel you faster to your dreams.
I swear I had something for this
I'm pretty career oriented and spend vast majority of my time creating new things.
I have a job and a car...
I make video games to pay off my mortgage. 
Don't take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive.
do you ever feel, like a plastic bag, blowin through the wind
A smile is a curve that can straighten out a lot of things.
very shy personality, if u wt to know more abt me then be my friend first
Alex💀 24✨Blue eyes💙 Black hair▪️ 6'6🔼 Tattoo'd/pierced😈 Chef🔪 Artist🎨 Musician🎸 Gamer🎮 Hiking🗻 Concerts📣 Hockey🍁 Music📻 Tv📺 Kitty's 🐱Camping🌿 Animals🐻 Movies🎥 Anime👾 Follow me on Instagram :)
Real G's move in silence like lasagna.
"Turn on, tune in, drop out."
I'm a designer and web developer recently moved to Vancouver from Brisbane Australia. Fun facts: I've competed in a poetry slam. I have a weakness for sour candy.
Hey Y'all
Coffee and cigarettes, beer and whiskey
Classic rock and Death Metal
Work hard, play harder!
Looking for some new people to hang out with. Working in the trades right meow. Like going outdoors and netflix. Dont own any guns or a truck. Not too ordinary not too different. If your weird as fuck im sure wed get along just great.
Audio engineer, graphic designer. Into comics and other similar things.
looking to meet some new friends
Hmmm.......
not sure about this. 
If you like Menchies you will like me?
Just after moving here from Ireland
Love it here already.
Like hanging out with my mates and just having a laugh
Enjoy hiking, soccer and love trying new activities 
I build cool shit.
Born in Taiwan, raised in Canada..
Sensitive thug🍃🍂🍃
Open , friendly , philosophical , singer , guitar player 
Definitely Ive got some flaws too 
but that's also parts of me so I shall be able to love your flaws
Come on baby light my fire. Let's adventure! Hints of spring are in the air. I'm 5'10, fit, quiet & shy. (You likely wont be able to tell, as I'm confident in my skin) I'm a deep thinker, often lost in thought staring off into the distance. I love to hike. I have a heart of gold. If you want to get to know me, say hello!
Currently in my last year of law school at TRU. I enjoy reading, procrastinating, hiking and watching TV and movies. I'm also a huge canucks fan. I've lived in Vancouver, Toronto and Ottawa and am currently in Kamloops for school.
Love cooking and cars
Have a serious addiction to Starbucks 
Love dogs 
As you can see by my pictures, I am the type of person that is willing to put his hand in a crocodiles mouth... That is all
Lame jokes for days. From the forest of Ontario. 6'
When I smile, my eyes disappear 😑
New to the area
I'm only capable of communicating through obscure references that even I don't fully understand.
Just living day to day, enjoying the sunshine. double dates also considered for my super cool roomate Dre
Life is way too short to waste any time at all. All of us are getting older, and every moment you spend dwelling on the things that only cause you to hurt, is precious time wasted where you could have been out adventuring around, making more memories to look back on.
All I'm looking for is someone who will get high and play chess with me. 
Only Judy can judge.
⚾️ #6 in first team photo.
Going Crazy, Wanna Come
People pay me to make cartoons and be funny. Mixed results.
Will make u cry
Currently back in school studying Cognitive Science. I like good conversation, spending time outside, going to movies being general nerdy, watching live concerts and shows, and most importantly hanging out with friends, having a ton of laughs. I appreciate someone who knows when it's time to be serious but can have while doing it. Chatting online for ages is not my thing -- I much prefer to meet in person once we establish that we get along. Some people call me weird, I take it as a compliment.
Hi! I m French and I just arrived in Vancouver! I like sport (doing not watching..), art, animation, films, chilling outside a Sunday noon and good foods :)
Comin in HOT! Beer, loud country music, anything with a motor, beaches, sunshine, friends, laughs, bbqed food, bonfires thats all for now!
I am from Brazil, but my new place is Vancouver!!!!
Believes the world is a glorious place, if you know where too look
I'm 21 years old! Graduated and Dj a little. Interested in getting to know someone who is really comfortable in their own skin. Oh Ya I LOVE MUSIC.
learn it, live it, love it.
"Naked people have very little influence on society" said Mark Twain, soooo no shirtless selfies.
Hikes with my dog Shady, sports, music festivals, active and healthy living
Snowboard. Surf. Hike. Slackline. Festivals. Tattoos. Science. Books. Technology. Art. Family. Friends. Community. Work hard play hard.
Love to enjoy the elements around me.
Capture the moment through the lens of camera.
I love photographic & design!
Sailing, skiing, traveling and avocado milkshakes.
I have a Babyface
Sucker for pretty smiles and pretty eyes. Not attached to my phone, so we should get aquainted over a cup of coffee.
Pharmacist. Food and wine lover. Netflix addict. Loves the ocean breeze.
I'm a music producer/sound designer, and I'm very passionate about my work. If you do cool shit, we might just get along :)
Normal dude looking for a normal girl.
I enjoy playing sports over watching them, am a pizza connoisseur and a music snob. I dislike writing bios, so let's chat!
I have my ducks in a row but i also like to have fun. Travel, gym, food, beach
Future dropout of the eternal battle for dollars and cents. 
All my babies gonna wear Versace.
Live fast. Die old.
Bored stiff and window shoping.
Swipe right if you want to be friends! Istj
Finished a puzzle in six months, the box said 2 to 4 years. What can't I do? Born in north van, love to mountain bike! Always looking for someone to join me. When I'm feeling lazy I enjoy chilling in a man cave with boardgames and videogames, potentially Netflix. "Sharing tea with a fascinating stranger is one of life's true delights"
I'm Dom Saint.
Music is my life as is socialising and drinking lots of that red flavoured wine, Head of Social Media and Digital Marketing (don't hold that against me,marketing people aren't all horrible and narcissistic!!)
Hopeless romantic seeks filthy whore.
I love traveling, hiking, sports, scuba diving, and anything else outdoors related.
Talents include cooking 5 minute rice in 4 minutes. I'm also a world class pillow fort architect. 
Hi I'm an easy going guy just looking for a easy going girl. I like yoga sports having fun hiking biking. Let's chat!
That one beardless white guy in Vancouver that doesn't really care about going outside. More into design and film. 
Currently spending my time in Gastown selling expensive mens blouses. Hit me up and I can show you where to eat and how to avoid stepping in bodily fluids here at Vancouver’s historic waterfront district.
Kiwi guy. Just arrived in Canada, here to play Rugby and meet cool people!
The fuck is...?
I like long walks on the beach with my girlfriend. Until the LSD wears off and I realize I'm just dragging a stolen mannequin around a Wendy's parking lot.
wheels. do me on it. 
designer in the making
Geology is my thing. Hiking, Biking & Swimming, building a racecar plus other things in my free time.
🎥 Filmmaker. Hockey player. Beer. Whiskey.
Just moved to van. Danger zone.
I'm actually 16
I'm poly, circusy, an electrician, a travelling addict, with a plethora of random talents. I can nerd out with the best of them. I'm outdoorsy. Good with knots. And I'm reasonably good at most sports, not good at watching sports. I also enjoy physics and math, and I blues/swing dance.
I'm an actor, a comic and a nerd. So I'm poor, funny and tall. Talk to me about movies, inappropriate things and superheroes.
It's all an adventure pretty much sums up the way I view my life. I'm a very loving person and I'm one of the most non-judgmental people you will probably ever meet. I'm very into art.I like meeting new people, making new friends, I'm extremely easy to get along with and I will love you for the person you are. I love people who are real and don't try to hide behind some fog to try and be politically correct. I like to cuddle, I like to sleep, I like to listen, I like to write, and I â¥ life.
movie lover!!! adventurer!!!
The more things change, the more it remains the same!
Brazilian, graphic designer, looking for someone who share interests other than VanCity Buzz.
I like beer and movies and beer... Batteries not included.
Hockey player // basketball player
German // Means I love good beer 🍻 // Berlin!
6 foot 2 ✌️// Mexican food 😍
Possibly Paul Rudd's estranged Irish love child. too awkward to ask my mother about it tho.
not looking for anything. I'm in love with myself and my life. I swiped on you because I thought you were gorgeous. Say hi!
Maybe I should have more pictures with tigers, that seems to be the thing to do
My life long dream is to see the world
Traveler By Nature
Always looking for an adventure
Im 6'0", you know... If that helps.
Killin' it..... Just playin
Laugh run yell ponder fall build roll play twang strum bang poke burn bass womp bake cuddle sip gulp live learn love. But not necessarily in that order :)
"The night knows all my secrets" faded faded faded faded faded... 6'0
Tattoo's, Pizza, Cats, Guitar, these are a few of my favorite thingsss
it's going down, I'm yelling tinderrrrr 🌲🔥
My name is Chase. I just moved from london to the united states a month ago. But I'm a World traveler. I travel a lot. Pre med major. Last year, med school next year. And you should talk to me to get to know me better. Swipe right. You won't regret it;) i want to meet more people here! I'll also be traveling a lot, I'll meet anyone and talk to anyone from anywhere!=]
Note to self: Do not drink and Tinder. Also, can I borrow someone's tiger? It appears that I need a tiger pic for some reason... Profiles...fun. Let's see... Born in Vancouver, family's from Malaysia, 5'8". I travel quite a bit, enjoy playing most sports, hiking, camping, scuba diving, single malt scotch, beer, eating out, coffee, and people that can hold a conversation. As for work, I work at the University at the top of the hill...
Love to travel. Go out with friends . Relax on the beach. And live life to fullest.
IT Consultant with a creative side. I love music. I am usually ridiculous with you one moment, and having a deep conversation with you the next. Fun fact: I lived in Australia for 3 years.
Architect with an advanced degree in rocket appliances. Also well versed in travelling space and time.
Maybe you didn't notice there's a pig on the couch in the 3rd photo...you can swipe right now.
Hi, there!! Im korean guy. Like music&travel&fashion. Life is too short, just try it
Hockey,hunting,fishing,snowboarding,golf,camping, baseball, country
The past is History,the future is a Mystery,NOW is a gift,that's why it's called the Present,Love life,Live in the Moment
In Gastown with the pup
Certified cat trainer, actually 12.
I find it incredibly sexy when a girl isn't afraid to message me first. I love being spontaneous! We will have much more fun that way! Lets go on an epic adventure!
Rugby /Kick boxing and boxing /Outdoors /Dirtbiking
Hockey and ball hockey /Cuddling/travelling 
The motto Is shake and bake 
Vancity and BC life 
My friends call me Tmoney
Law student. Scientist. Runner. Outdoor enthusiast. Political junkie. Foodie.
Looking 4 luv
Just won the lottery
Movies, sports, traveling and food!!! 
Worth the right swipe 😉
SO STOKED!
FYI beard and love country!
Pugs not drugs. Books not bongs. Husky wrangler. Producer of music (have songs on iTunes). Director of Sales. BBA. MBA bound. Must have a B+ or higher (or equivalent) in English 12. Adventures and Poutine. I hope to amuse you with my legendary leg day/cross fit stories and about my dream of becoming a personal trainer. I often use sarcasm as conversation garnish.
Love adventure, comin home feels good too;)
Music enthusiast, adventure seeker, open minded and creative 3D game art designer.
My secret is that sometimes I stay home and read instead of turning up 🙊✌️
"Mark is a super amazing dude. He smells like cheap scotch and cigarettes in the best kind of way. I totally want his beard." -Jon
"No, I will not give you a quote for your Tinder profile, you f'in douchebag." -Chris
"Stop trying to woo me with Bon Iver songs when you're drunk. You can't sing and it's never going to happen." -Sarah 
Ad man. Sauder MBA. Moonlight entrepreneur.
In Miami for ultra! I'll be the one wearing the England flag as a cape. 6'3 🇬🇧
Graduating this year. Love food, sleep, movies and muay thai. Just a nerd at heart but love to go out and have fun.
Avid traveler. 4x4, boating, dirtbiking, fishing, skiing, hockey, surfing, laughing. Sweet, funny, loyal
I tinder on the toilet
I love life, eating, breathing, smelling, enjoying life is my goal, and so far I'm getting good at it. French. I produce electronic music and DJ. Also work in film. My left arms fucked up. I'm basically here to find people to play Total War with me online. I'm also 21, but Facebook thinks I'm 25.
My ass is better than yours. Das it mane.
Well I'm a man
Who likes woodworking
And pastries, and other things
Who works too much
And has too many plans
Out here
6'6", acting student by day, stripper/batman by night.
Aussie living in van!
UBC. Basketball. Beers. Oh and sunshine and ponies and shit
Handy, outdoorsy, relaxed(even after drinking all the coffee) I like flee markets and driving on dirt roads. Good fiends gathered around a warm fire is my favorite way to spend an evening.
I like to have fun...dare ya
Tacos, scotch, deadlifts, cookies, pancakes, road trips and naps. I don't run, unless there's pizza. Ig jordantrizz
Seeking manic pixie dream girl to open the heart of this soulful, brooding hero to a life of adventure and whimsy.
Mom's grilled cheese.
Aspiring world traveler | decent runner | drinker of moderately priced scotch | teller of ok jokes | lawyer by trade
English, sporty guy who likes soccer, rugby, golf and general exercise!
Just moved to Vancouver from England!
New in town, moved from San Francisco.
Part-time engineer part-time world traveler.
Motivated, driven, fit and not a serial killer, 6'3", 198lbs..... And sarcastic. Looking for the same.
I'm a pretty chill guy, feel free to chat me up
Soo.. hows it going!? Life ya know, it just comes at ya... get outside..
Soon to be forest fire fighter.
Always looking for new ways to sweat.
We better be able to make each other laugh, otherwise all is lost.
If you beat me up the grind I'll buy you poutine.
Live every act fully, as if it were your last.
Active , Sober , Friendly  5'8 170 lbs
Voted best by some
VanCity  back home from going to school in the US
Athlete and frequent gym goer.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
-Albert Einstein-
Hello :)
Baseball, Iowa, Mexican food, astrophysics, Daffy Duck, Donald Duck, USA, saxophone solos, barbeque, sarcasm, and wit.
I am; as will be. To be, not from your influence, but my intelligence, intuition and self perservation..
It's as easy as 123...
nth year SFU Criminology Student. Into photography, podcasts, food, cars, and the oxford comma.  Vancity born and raised
Stuntman, Actor, Martial Artist, Parkour Enthusiast.
Snowboarding, playing guitar and riding horses are just some of my hobbies. 6 ft tall country guy.
Hip hop and rock is where it's at.
Why take life so seriously? Nobody gets out alive anyways.
I'm in PG for a few weeks, and am looking to meet people, go for a drink and practice sports like snowboard or skating!! Originally from QC, here for the Games!!! :)
Moved over to Vancouver a few weeks back to work and live for the next couple of years , I'm originally from Dublin , Ireland!  Very easy going guy , music ,food, training and the odd drink and that's it ;) so tought why not might meet some nice people and have some great dates :)
Just landed in Vancouver.
I'm looking for somebody to show me around. We can grab a drink, hang out, and take it from there.
chef to be. making my way around the worlds best kitchens.
Really into fitness, outdoorsy when possible, but just as happy at home.  I will try just about anything once.  6'1, blue eyes and incidental sarcasm.  "Everybody wants to get big, but nobody wants to lift heavy-ass weights". Too true!
3+years self employed.Hungarian.Work hard play...work some more..#singleguyproblems haha.1 boxer named Dom. Passion for my automobiles and making that paypah! 
Outdoors man, love the mountains and camping.
Humorous witty comment inserted here, YES!
Fuck it, I didn't wanna goto heaven anyway
Very active! hockey, working out, swimming, scuba diving, golfing, hiking and pretty much every other sport possible :)
Manhattan. . #twistandshout
Basketball. Nutella. Prairie Girl Cupcakes. Born & Raised in Vancouver, BC. 6'0
Food making, cocktail mixing, Catan settling freelance cameraman.
I rock the party that rocks the partay.
It is my duty to please dat booty
Moved to Canada last year lived in UK,Hong Kong and India.traveled a lot.Left home at the age of five grow up in a brooding school. Become a documentary filmmaker leaned glass work now running two business of my own. Love nature living in the present movement.Love hands on things. Always outdoors sun,raining,swooning etc.dnt care camping,4x4,photography love animals, plant tree in India. When people are having babes,I am thinking which country am I going next. Open to anything. Suprise me!!
Hi there, I am an outgoing, adventurous and fun guy looking to meet that special someone to enjoy all life has to offer with.Lets get to know each other. You'll be impressed and I hope to be too.
It's not the destination but the journey you should love.
Big into all types of  live music
Graphic designer/photographer
6ft, beard, funny, smart, respectful, outgoing, well dressed, loyal, honest, hardworking, obsessed with me, and I don't ask for much. IG:_atho, Snapchat: mj cyrilson
Outside. Bikes. Ski. Mtns. Beer. 4x4. Roadtrips. etc. If you can survive my friends, you can stay. Not into hookups. I've got a career and my shit sorted out. Also I hope you like scars because I have a lot of them. Bonus points if you're a nurse or know first aid.
Italian-Mexican lost in Vancouver. Photographer, traveler, storyteller, alright cook. Geek at heart. If you're capable of conversing you're already on my good side. I have a thing for short or dyed hair, and I blame Ramona Flowers. Pizza wine coffee cigarettes shitty movies more nouns. IG @paolonovaro
I am a dad to a little princess named Ruby. Environment activist. I go to UBC, varsity athlete. I like sports, politics, philosophy, martial arts, climbing, hiking, gaming, a good board game with friends and I love game of thrones. I am really easy going as well.
0 to 100 REAL QUICK!!
At South Beach, looking to party and have awesome beach days. Rock & Roll :)
"Smoke me a kipper, I'll be back for breakfast"  Ace Rimmer  -  5'11 ISTP
Livin and working the life of an adult. How riveting
Designer, business owner, motorcycle enthusiast.
Film addict.
6'2 bit of a traveler visited 13 ish countries. Tough mudder enthusiast completed 5. Scuba dived with barracuda.
UBC Medical Student and avid traveler
British expat living in Vancouver!
I'm new to tinder. Looking to meet new people and see where it goes. If you want to chat message me
Ahh shit, i think the devil got his hands on me, stripper sayin baby wont you throw em bands on mee.
HK -> Atlanta -> San Francisco -> Vancouver
Running, climbing, partying. Environmental engineering graduate from ubc.
UBC. Spontaneous guy trapped in a busy lifestyle :( Love the outdoors but not the rain. Sushi lover. Food in general. Bucket list: travel, skydive, underwater hotel. Just want to try new things but need the money lol show me your world! I wanna know
I like fitness, engineering, and unhealthy foods. IG hashtag_vince
Living in Yaletown and Looking to meet new people. Part time hedonist, part time corporate lackey. 6', 200 lbs. Loves tall women, short ones too just not as much. Twitter/IG; chimneyfire
~Travel often & take chances~
How do you like your eggs in the morning ;)
If you like what you see, message me or add me on Instagram...
Currently working as a Hydronic Panel Designer for Brother's N Arms Renovations.
i live for music.
?
Rigging and lighting technician in the entertainment industry. Love to surf, snowboard, skate, bike, and work on my motorcycle. Spend most of my summer working on festivals. Message for more.
English 6'1".
Never drink to feel better. Only drink to feel even better.
5'10. Made the ladies blush since 1983. Disciple of living mindfully.
From Hong Kong, UBC Engineering grad, 5'11"
Professional sports analyst. From London originally but travel around a fair bit for work.
Looking to meet people, friends, hook ups, and serious relationships. I'm open to all of them but we should probably start with coffee or food. Just finished reading Anansi Boys and American Gods, if you like Neil Gaiman I'm sure we'll get along nicely.
You should write something about yourself here.
Crop science is my life. Hockey used to be lol UoGuelph alum. Free mustache rides as long as I'm on the giving end
Hi I'm really cool you should hang out with me
From Hamburg/Germany.
From Vancouver, BC.  Je suis bilingue.  In the process of completing my Masters in French @ UBC.  Vive la langue franaise!
A strong man that doesnt afraid of anything.  Looking for mature, open, honest and nice.                 -Personal trainer
Just returned home after 2 years of travelling and working abroad. Insta aaronkitt
5'4" without heels, love to stay fit and sweat. Always working on an ever-evolving bucket list. Likes include craft beer tasting, spirits sipping, mixology, and EDM mixing. Love fruits and veggies, frequent visitor of supermarkets and farmer's markets. Goals include cooking up a 3-course fine dining meal as well as mastering Japanese and French languages. Also the holy grail 6p-washing board.
UofM
New to BC; really happy to be here.
But I'm not really good at tinder; better in person :-)
Ciao
Hi
Realtor @ sutton west coast
Vancouver
6'2
Actually 21
I feel like everyone likes adventures
Tinder dates and Jenga blocks have a shocking amount in common!
Vancouver lad... Biking / spontaneous trips / beer tasting / slowly getting better at hand stands (and cooking)
Northern English in Vancouver
keep your hopes up high and your head down low.
I enjoy having a glass of wine with friends after a hard day. I like engaging in sports that requite total focus. I like listening to people's stories and I find people in general really interesting. I love to dance!
5,11. Working in the financial planning industry as an Associate Consultant. I'm a nerd, I like to work out at the gym and find better ways of being cheap.
Full-time cool job, great sense of humor, 5'8".
I'm a firefighter and an astronaut jk I'm a carpenter snowboarding is life north van livin I wanna see the world tattoos are dopeI can be your hero baby
Su4mm2er0!
aries.adventurous.spontaneous.outdoors.hiking.travel.fitness.food.drinks. Holla. ;)
I'm balding, 5'4 and heavy set but thats only if your gullible. I hate selfies so I don't have many pictures. Actually tall and fit. I am very active (gym, hockey, soccer, hiking) and love outdoor activities. Looking for someone to come offroading, hiking and to share laughs with. Be that just friends or maybe more, I'm in no rush.
Most interesting man in the world:
|
Nurse
Loves dogs
I dance and sing
Active.. Very Active
My best friend is a cat. That is all you need to know.
Just travelled South America for 4 months, now back in Van.
UBC Engineering.  Live life with no regrets; stay thirsty for success; Judge no one; you are who you are.
drummer in the local pop/punk band , The Deadset.
Im the only me
I am about 5'10", and have an average build. I am a sexy, masculine individual exuding the most desirable of traits. Although I may be timid at first, my genuine and compassionate charm shine through above all things.
North Shore - 6'3" @ 185 lbs non smoker. I'm a chill fellow just looking to see what's out there. An avid Dan Savage fan! Among other things that rock my world are guns, motorcycles, the odd beer, dogs, anime, and the good company I love to keep. Let's connect, because honestly why not? There are always a million reasons not to do something; its why we should treasure the people who don't let them stop them from doing what they want.
Not looking for just anyone - I'm looking for someone to captivate me.  A partner in crime and a travel enthusiast. I believe in being open & honest at all times, without games and that chivalry is far from dead. If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
22 living in vancouver skateboarding and enjoing life
6'7
English
London/Hong Kong/Vancouver
Studying English & Political Science @ UBC
Ask away
Hotelier. Like movies, billiards, pc games, and good food~ Trance, EDM fan :) and don't forget HARDSTYLE! Basic B swipe left~, if ur classy sassy u may swipe right~ chivalry a'int dead!!
HOROSCOPE-CANCER:
The Cancer male can be a moody individual, but is rarely mean-spirited. An exceedingly romantic soul, he is not always confident of his own attractiveness. He possesses a keen understanding of women and likes children. He is kind-hearted but not soft and is truly a one-partner individual. When this man's feelings are hurt, he can sulk privately for days, but is best left alone when low since too much sympathy causes him to brood. The male governed by Cancer is far too deep to sum-up on first acquaintance, although his sense of humor is sure to impress as will his outlook on the world. Still, this is a man who can adopt an air of geniality in order to hide his own sense of inadequacy and insecurity. It takes a long time to get to know the Cancer male. He tends to be subjective in emotional matters and unable to see anything from an objective point of view when he is upset. Yet, he is generous with his affection and desires the same in return, feeling bitterly deprived if such is not forthcoming. This male can be a gallant and amusing sweetheart and/or escort...if he so wishes...but is difficult to pin down. He is prone to avoid a serious relationship for as long as possible and then enter into one with an abundance of trepidation. If he believes he has found the right partner, then he will settle blissfully into a long-term relationship. If he suspects he has chosen incorrectly, then he can be virtually impossible to live with.
I could tell you, but I'd rather show you
Renaissance Man!   Looking for someone with a bit of class.
Studying biology. Volunteer at the aquarium and the Beaty museum (the one with the blue whale at ubc). I love animals, playing guitar, and saving the galaxy
So about this Tinder thing....
About Me: I'm a by-product of the U.S. legal education system but am happy to be back in Vancouver for good. I also know the difference between their, there and they're. I love to make people laugh, so if you want to see if I'm as funny as I think I am, swipe right ;)
*Work hard. Play hard
Please have a sense of humor**
Serial entrepreneur, world traveler, lover of epic shit!!
Professional fun haver. Forest Gump enthusiast. East coaster living in the west coast. I like beer and breakfast for dinner. Full time comedian.  Instagram- blakescameron
I'll beat ya at Mario Kart!
Lawyer | Bilingual | World Traveler | 6'2"
God-Family-Sports
Fake hair, fake nails, fake tan, fake lips and fake boobs......and they wonder why they can't find a real man...........
I have copious amounts of wild, unyielding ambition.
Toronto for the weekend
Hi
6 feet tall. Good kisser and good to talk with and i really love to laugh.
I'll speak French to you all night long.
7.25/10 Gnar rating.
Ski/tour/bike/climb/motorbike/ I like to live my life in the zone. One of, danger.
About you
Love music and the outdoors.
Serious question: who the hell doesn't "love to laugh"?!
I'll bet you also enjoy "food" and you COULD go out, but are equally happy with a "quiet night in."
We are ALL career oriented, in the sense that none of us consciously desires to live in a trash can.
Show me a spark of personality worth getting to know.
Swipe right if you wanna really a good time :-)
The face pic is from a few years old
I'm passionate about volunteering, helping those in need
Working out, training, kick boxing, hiking , heck even walking lol.. I try to keep healthy ... I try :)
Let's all get together to fight cancer... Together we can
420
Australian
Where my dawgs at
Looking for a nice girl, OBO.
Do you ever get the feeling that there's something going on that we don't know about?
Love music and the outdoors.
Victoria, B.C.
Can't take anything too seriously, life needs levity and laughter! And good food.
Work hard, play hard!
22/Brit  Hey world!!
I am fare, with truthful & honest
23 years old. 6'3. Im a pretty laid back guy and enjoy having fun no matter what I am doing.
If I could be any object in this world with a thought, I would be a mirror. I like to play the devil's advocate and will always have an opposing argument to challenge any point of view. Every perspective has valid points that cannot be said to be 100% true or false and bringing these points to attention is the only thing that can make a conversation interesting. My kind of friend is one who looks at life as many frames of the same picture.
If you think that the Czech Republic is somewhere in the States, this will probably not work.
Love music and the outdoors.
African medium with liquorice bootlaces also really dig Philipino Disco music
Life is so pleasant in the present,  film, friends, sea food, travel, snow sports and water sports. Hey I'm kyle :P  welcome to this smidge of my life
Travel, Train, Eat & Sleep. you nerdy? we'll get along
If you can't beat'em..........
-Easy going dude. 5 10" tall, Love judo and jiu-jitsu, comedy, all sports, most music, yoga and occasionally some ganja ;)
-Independent as well been living by myself since I was 21, I keep pretty busy with work and martial arts, so just really interested in meeting new people who want to go out and chill every now and again.
"And if you don't know, now you know..........
Be my tinderella
Back in the 604 after 2 unreal years in Australia
I enjoy hockey, AFL, traveling, long walks up mountainous terrain, having a few too many wobbly pops
I am usually bearded
Confidence is key
oring
Love music and the outdoors.
The big four:
Truth, Knowledge, Beauty, Love
(Yes, I'm an idealist)
Musing about music every day
Love life!!
I am a chef. I love cooking, it's my passion! I also love games, sports, I play guitar. I like to go out and meet new people. I am a sucker for a killer smile!
- Architecture student
Toronto van city
I can't believe I let myself get sucked into this shit!!!
Busy. Professional.  Boxing coach.  Scuba.  Competitive swimmer.  Love my motorcycle.  Looking forward to running on seawall!!  Like retro Christina Aguilara.
6'1" - I enjoy long walks to the liquor store and short walks to a closer liquor store.
Unfortunatley that is no longer my number
Looking for a girlfriend. I don't smoke, I drink socially, enjoy a little country, love home cooked meals and vacations. I take care of the elderly at my work.
Love music and the outdoors.
in and tonics, good tv. If The Replacements are playing, that's good enough for me.
Chivalry is dead and women killed it.
I like fit, fun, smiley girls!
Days off from the oil rigs
Have lived a short life very long, learnt from some mistake n some I just keep on repeating because its fun .... No one is perfect nor am I ...Love me and will love you back.. Hate me n u r left for God to handle !!! Here just to socialize and learn different people's culture, food and share mine ... C ya soon :)
love to desgin, draw, sushi, movie, badminton, and like to drive around. Shy? Don't be, i ll make you laugh
Got that country boy charm in me. Rised small town livin'
Passion for cars and outdoors, camping rain or shine!
Love going out for some drinks and having a good time. Skiing season is coming up so maybe we could go? Or maybe some ice skating at Robison square!
Ask me anything! Very easy going guy
Moved to fsj from van isle less than a year ago. I love the ocean and I love to travel.
6'1
Love music and the outdoors.
Don't judge a book from its cover. I'm far from what I may have been like long ago, but in a way soo much the same. I think it all really boils down to what we put out there and how we decide to handle ourselves. We are still very much the same people inside as we were 10 years ago. I'm 5'7", plenty more tattoo's than shown. I don't drink,  but smoke lightly. Nonjudgmental by nature and pretty open minded. Turn-ons: Good grammar, honesty, intelligence. Turn-offs: Shy women, bars, quiters. 143
Playing hockey going snowboarding, hiking  and skating on the seawall
I make movies and love all things nerdy.
Try me, see what I can do
My main passions are reading and writing. I also enjoy talking about crazy/interesting ideas and experiencing new things.
Killing it in the music industry.
Hong konger, studying in Vancouver, food, music, movies, singing. No music no life :D follow me IG: stevic_1au
Hi, I'm new to Van and I'm looking for new international friends.
We should probably cuddle....
I like bassmusic and fire.
you must think for the future with the present in mind.
come with me. together we can break through.
Hey there. Just checkin this app out.seein how she goes. I'm 25yrs old. Into any type of music, with a focus on rock and blues. I am teaching myself to play guitar and eventually will look towards forming a band. In the meantime I like to spend my days going out and having cool adventures , checkin out a new park or a good place to eat. Love a good tv series. Hooked on the flash at the moment. I'm an easy going guy, who loves to make anyone I can laugh. Drop me a line of you got the time.
Love music and the outdoors.
Eternally happy,  love adventure,  and easy to please.  I'm 5'10" and enjoy staying active and having fun with others.
5'11 Adventurer, Filmmaker, dreamer, upbeat, humble, confident, love the film industry! I'm a super chill easy going guy, travel junkie and love meeting new people :)
Passion and honesty make the world go round!
Love music and the outdoors.
"No pain, no gain." - Albert Einstein
DJ Jack In Da Box - To Be or Not to Be - Be Myself, Original~~
I'm only paying 12 goats for your dowry. UBC
Not ready to write the biography yet!
SFU biz
Brazilian living in canada
Oh hi thurrrrr :o
Happy go lucky looking for some cool people to hang out with, make some friends or maybe more than friends we'll just have to wait and see.
Magic is what i hv,let me show u!And hv fun on it
Finding girlfriend
Finding friends
Finding magician
Relaxed, laid back, always looking to meet new people and good friends.  Nerdy/geeky, love cuddles.  If you don't meet new people, you can't make good connections.  Love being outdoors and always looking for an adventure.  Love dogs.  Not looking for random hookups.  Looking to chat with people outside my circle and broaden horizons.  If you don't have an open mind or sense of humor please move on.  If you haven't googled "do a barrel roll" you haven't yet lived.  Poly, 420 friendly
Love music and the outdoors.
Hola que tal soy nuevo en vancouver y me gustaria tener nuevas amistades
Just another fella navigating the wild world, taking silly pictures.
I like it outside. Moving. Nature. Ocean. Mountains. Live music. Yoga. Good conversation. Learning! Adventure!
Friends will often describe me as sensitive, spiritual, reflective and a good listener.
Wait, who said that? That can't be true. I'm as shallow as a sand box and as cold as a steel pole.
Don't worry  be happy:):) i like climbing, fishing, snowboarding,hiking and basically all sports.  And travelling of course.
This place is for u to decide.
The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking.
-Philip K. Dick
Love music and the outdoors.
Looking for my tinderella
Animator.  Studied at the California Institute of the Arts before moving to Van to take a really good job.  Love drawing, reading and keeping healthy.  Also, I love dogs.  That's important.
Shoes... Drake... League of legends... Accountant... That's my life.   Holla...
I drink bourbon, listen to hip hop and watch too much hbo. Even the horrible horrible "girls". Its just...horrible
You can have all the expectations you want it makes no difference to me. I don't care if i'm to short or skinny because at the end of the day i'm that " good guy" every woman in this world passes up. Your loss if your ignorant.
I love prana, and Lana. Not docci and gabana.  musician, traveller, engineer, philanthropist, and on the spiritual quest of a life time ( Shit ain't we all ;) )
Tall long hair. Sculptor. Works in film. Loves broccoli
Sarcasm thick enough to walk on. Healthcare and EMS professional.
Kirtan is the up most meaning of my Life.
Life is Good~
Pickled cucumber.
interests: Sci fi, fantasy, books, movies, exercise, manga.  Easy going, little weird. Send me a msg :).
Well hello tinder lady. Like radiohead, poutine, or gaming? We'll get along just fine.
6'2, raised in Ontario, visual effects artist in film, kitten owner, guitar player, 420 friendly, life liver, risk taker, spontaneous adventurer, a little bit cheesy, Pokemon Master , graduate of Hogwarts
Love music and the outdoors.
6' tall. Vancouver <> SF <> Vancouver... For now at least. Major sport junkie. Miami Dolphins, Lakers, Die Mannschaft.
Everybody has to be somebody so let's toss everything in the air and see where it lands
BTW, I'm 6'4". Apparently, height matters
Having the time of my life // Hit me up on Instagram
5'10"
Road bike photo is an older one, now I'm always on the motorcycle!
I like to go for weekend rides to the island and relaxing back home with a book.  Not to sure what I am looking for here, but let's see what happens!
DISCLAIMER: this profile, although real, is for research purposes only.
I'm an investment banker in disguise, world traveller, once-upon-a-time athlete with a hint of an artistic affinity for choreography and oil canvas. Dog lover. Terrible speller and an awful linguist. And not modest at all about any of it...
Canadian, living abroad and looking to meet new people.
Work outdoors. Play outdoors.
Looking for adventure and one liners! Cheesier the better! Fitness, tattoos, movies, and food.
HKG, YVR. Slothlife. Major food snob. SFU Crim. Passionate about equality and justice. However, that being said, some people deserve to have their heads get chucked on by boulders, multiple times. Speaker of truths, intolerent to bullshit.
6'0"
I'm a major foodie, love the gym, running, shopping, the Canucks, NFL, NBA, UFC, and travel!
Must love dogs!
Simple, intelligent, no frills man seeks like minded lady. I'm a pretty straight forward guy, honest to a fault, and not into mind games.  5'11 (if that's a thing you care about). Barbie dolls, and high maintenance girls need not apply. If you have freckles on your face, we should be friends!
Bass music, hip hop, country music, skiing, dogs, cats, hunting, hiking, food, fitness, politics, current events, atheism, anti theism, anarcho capitalism.
From: Saskatchewan. Live in Vancouver. Pints are good, Let's have a few. Skateboarding. Snowboarding. All Kinds Of Adventure! Hunting, fishing and most kinds of music I can get down with. That's my niece, the most precious thing in the world! Anything else you wanna know, swipe right..
Electrician, Love to snowboard, hike, shooting, bring my husky to off-leash dog parks, and enjoy life.
~ I love to dance and sing ~
Prairie kid. Bourbon, bicycles, cats, vinyl, '80s anything, rock climbing, chemistry, pizza. I hate horses. Looking for snowboarding friends this winter.
You can't go wrong,, when you love a wong.
.....
i enjoy life, music, friendship, good times and skateboarding. No stress no problem
Intellect
humour
passion
goofy girls.
I'm an avid adventurer and outdoors-person (yay feminism) and like to disappear into the bush every so often
Unicorns, please say hello. We'd love to hear from you
Londoner living in Vancouver
I have a condition where I can't double back.  I have trouble with small spaces as I'm 2 metres, but I make a good replacement for a step ladder. Caesars on Sunday, try anything once, enjoy making homemade pasta and cooking, mountains, bikes, boarding, music and no sarcasm....
Athletic, movies, and wine pretty much it :)
6'2". Vancouverite.
Champagne for my real friends, real pain for my sham friends
I like to draw, read, write, and exist. So far, it's going pretty well. Also boardgames, all the boardgames. Just looking for friendly banter :)
Insta dustinmartinluther
MayDay
23
living in dt vancouver
I'm a super good listener and I like stuff
Aussie in Van, not a Whistralian!
6'0/Singer/pun-lover/gig enthusiast.
Rock, Rap or EDM, see you at the show!
22-Tattooed
Visiting SF for few days...
UBC
I hate describing myself. I work in a bar, I'm also in the Army.
Howdy Ya'll... Just got back Texas, guess I picked up an accent...
I like Concerts&Theatre, Food/Cooking, Books&Netflix... FourTwenty Friendly!
Hard work can beat talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Gravy connoisseur
Craft beer aficionado, novice fencer, scarf enthusiast.
"Deja que el amor te mueva". Surf, ski, yoga, wreck, camping, gigs, shows, dance, literature.  Don't own a TV. 5'9 and 185lbs.
Born and raised in Ireland. Moved to Vancouver almost 2 years ago , love it, work as a scaffolder ! Lookin to meet some one to spend the good times with , if we are a match drop me a line :)
Did someone say "whoop" Cause THERE IT IS!
I look so young for my age Hahaha >...< looking for people to hang out with >...<
Straight up. Live Alone ,don't drive ,all music  adventurous,eating out , having a good time ,not being used for my kidness.clean ,cooking or trying too lol. Pretty much the nice guy who you might eventually want or a great fling for it really depends on what you want
Only god can judge me
I'm very easy going, funny, caring and open to trying anything once. I enjoy going to the gym everyday after work and having a healthy lifestyle. I recently have taken up snowboarding and love it. I like spending my time outside especially rides on my motorcycle as well as cuddling up to a movie. Besides the gym I go to a two step class once a week. As for music I like everything but love country. Just looking to meet new people and possibly a girl I want to spoil.
Recently moved to North Van! Have been a city person trapped in the valley for most of my life,  where I became quite introverted!  I now feel that I am finally where I'm supposed to be. And can flourish in my new environment, as the true, free spirited extrovert that I am.
In Vancouver for the weekend!
BCIT International business management
Other interests
Can make a mean cup of chai on second date. Pianist, writer, engineer. Yes to skiing, hiking, bouldering, weight lifting, museums, symphonies, and cooking. No to camping and sun dried tomatoes.
If Your Reading This Its Too Late
In Vancouver for the weekend!
Grad Student
Coffee. Crossfit. Snowboarding. Fiction. Netflix. Hikes and Camping. Bad Horror movies.
One partner in crime required...
Laid back, easy going aussie
Me swipe <-- too
Some people feel the rain, others just get wet
Not your average Australian. Live in Vancouver, work in Calgary regularly, and snowboard anywhere in between.  Recently single. No crazies.... Ok, a little crazy is fun.
family.friends.sports.music.604.
If Your Reading This Its Too Late
Fitness, hiking, snowboarding, adventurous, foodie
"hard work beats talent, when talents fails to work hard."
"through every dark night, there is a brighter day after that."
"See, to live is to suffer, but to survive... Well, that's to find meaning in the suffering."
"Let me tell you something you already know. The world aint all sunshine and rainbows. Its a very mean and nasty place, and I dont care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it aint about how hard you hit. Its about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. Thats how winning is done! Now, if you know what youre worth, then go out and get what youre worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you aint where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that aint you. Youre better than that!"
"Because when you have love for anything, you'll go to the extreme, to maintain that love. That's what love does. Love drives you to do anything to maintain that connection... To be the best at anything, you got to have a certain love for that to make you overcome all the obstacles that's going to be thrown in your way. That's what the game of basketball has been for me."
Bartender. BC boy. Legend.
Corporate hippie enjoying life and making the best out of every moment.
Likes: being active, laughing, smiling, exploring the city/outdoors.
Let's snuggle and listen to Radiohead.
Life is too short, so Lets get to know each other and see how things go.
I am from Vancouver, Canada.   I love to travel, hike, bike.  But i also enjoy watching movies, and sports.   I am easy going and love trying new things.
In Vancouver for the weekend!
All my good pics are on Instagram so you get a Tshirt in the face. I travel, eat, love doing shit, and the way I type causes my iPhone to autocorrect everything. Living in Whistler, Vancouver, and Toronto.
I just need friends that I can take better profile pictures with.
If Your Reading This Its Too Late
Sorry girls i only date super models jk a solid 8.5 will do
You gotta have some form of brain if we are to talk. If you are a Barcelona Fan, swipe left!
Adventurer, romantic, can you keep up with me ?  Want a relationship with a great guy? Look no further! Make your  dreams come true today.
Financial markets, Detroit Redwings, Politics, Agriculture, Traveling.
What's up im a nice guy and I'm looking for fun only not in to any relationship I just want casual fun if that's you msg me..
Im not as Asian as I look
From Ottawa living in Vancouver. Love travel, hockey, pub trivia... Looking for a partner in crime or maybe just a getaway driver?
In Vancouver for the weekend!
Hi! My name is Evan! I am recently new to the city, I'm a really easy going type, adventurous and open minded. I live for my love of music and art. I play in a punk/ rockabilly band and love to have fun! I always love meeting new people doing cool things :)
I like Disney movies and salsa dancing.
Let's snuggle and listen to Radiohead.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive. Howard Thurman
a real good man but a bad boy a little / bba student (cap u) by day, bartender (the dime) by night / snowboard. surf. cliff dive. golf. off road. / tacoma n ruckus life / always up for a casual brew, it would be rude not to
If Your Reading This Its Too Late
I'm 24, 6'2", slim/athletic build. I'm kind of old fashioned and I love to spoil people. I listen to a vast array of music, and I sometimes forget I'm not as smart as I think I am :p
I'm shy at first, but I warm up quickly. Also I have a slightly twisted sense of humour
I work as a driver in film. I'm looking for a woman who can make me want to explore new things. I don't drink, but I smoke and 420.
I love stand up comedy.
Sarcasm, craft beer (any lager will do)  terrible humour... Any of the popular character defects would describe me I think..
Lover of coffee & tea beverages, food, travel, and video games.
Ross is definitely the worst friend.
Engineering student at BCIT but don't worry, I'll find time for you ;)     ________  Italian
Simple, straightforward and easygoing. Immature and socially awkward. Almost-carnivore. Loves food, history, board/card and video games and basketball. Wanna be friends?
Fit, loyal, likes to cuddle. Scorpio. I like girls who believe they're secretly kittens or mermaids
If Your Reading This Its Too Late
More than you can possibly imagine
I'm weird.
Active, adventurous, spontaneous, self employed, social entrepreneur, avid reader, avid writer, coffee drinker, world traveller, musical lyracist, art major, concert organizer, activities coordinator, sports activist, outdoor adventurer, animal lover, shower singer, cruise ships, road trips, movies n dinners, cats n dogs n anything on the beach.
In Vancouver for the weekend!

